I recommend Zoho desk to others who are looking for excellent help desk software because it works more perfect than other products.
Zoho desk provides full features that are enough capable to look into my environment to find basic issues that are making troubles in my ongoing projects. Moreover, the support channels that it provides are enough capable to make my working steady and also quite effective.
Zoho desk is my most favorite software to carry out all my projects and also to maintain a balance in each and every type of working situation. Moreover, the customer support system of this product is quite effective and efficient that handles all my queries immediately.
As i had not chance to get experience in the software before the trial period is over therefore i cannot provide the benefit of the software. However now i have a process to implementing zoho desk on our current website as a customer support system. I will modify my review after i have more experience if possible.
I registered for a trial period but it's all over before i had a chance to run exact tests and try the functionality that is not the concern of the software.
Would use other products within ZOHO as needed.
Easy invoice creator - allows for duplicate invoices, multiple payment methods and delivery methods of invoice.  My customer have never had my zoho invoices flagged as spam.  Payments are prompt and Zoho is easy to managed.
Template setup is a little tricky but once you have - you are good to go
- Free up to 10 users (perfect for start-ups) 
- Dashboards and reports 
- Tasks 
- Support was amazing
- Few plugins / integrations (but is not a big problem for me) 
- The configurations take more time than I expected.
excellence reporting system , configuration, ......It takes a little time but then you will love it.
hard to get started, a bit buggy, it feels like you get started, hard to understand the icons.......
la experiencia es buena le doy un 9 de 10, solo el front end es el que no me gusta.
facil de usar y administrar, es perfecto para iniciar 
el front end es muy simple, deberian hacerlo mas llamativo
menus accesibles, imagenes y conceptos claros. Caracteristicas accesibles, en cuanto a los menus son un poco inflexibles hay campos que no se pueden modificar y no siempre son usados.
Precio confuso en pesos o dolares, no se especifica que es al principio . No  hay un numero que se puedan aclarar esas dudas en la pagina de zoho store
Good services but pricing is to be determined. We would like to see a way to integrate via CSS/HTML5 to our site.
Over all a very interesting Ticketing Tool. We are still in  free trial, but it seems to cover all our requirements.
The overview of the ticket isn't very good all the time. Some times some settings are slightly hidden.
Ability to manage tickets and build better relationship with my client
This software gave me the ability to help my customer and created a transparent platform for both parties.
Hard to add agents and deleting those who are no longer with the company.  Support from Zoho are also very limited in the free version.

Zoho has tonnes of tightly integrated features, with mail, messaging (Cliq) and conferencing (Meeting), Bookings and CRM. Zoho is on a mission to cover every single possible business software use case. I would recommend Zoho for companies looking for lots of productivity features for good value.
Zoho's tools aren't nearly as customisable in terms of workflow, automation, and user interface as Microsoft's and Gogole's.
Most positive review. Zoho Desk is a great SaaS tool that we using to get requests from our clients. The best thing is; it is very easy to manage tickets by automation rules so agents can see their tickets in their system automatically. We have Zoho CRM also so it adds a great value that we can integrate CRM to Desk.
Most positive review. Zoho Desk is a great SaaS tool that we using to get requests from our clients. The best thing is; it is very easy to manage tickets by automation rules so agents can see their tickets in their system automatically. We have Zoho CRM also so it adds a great value that we can integrate CRM to Desk.
Most positive review. Zoho Desk is a great SaaS tool that we using to get requests from our clients. The best thing is; it is very easy to manage tickets by automation rules so agents can see their tickets in their system automatically.
We used Zoho Desk to get complete our projects. We had multiple projects and needed a place to manage every assignment. 
This software not only gave each team member accessibility to tasks, but it was also easy to use. Even for those that were technology challenged. 
We didn't notice any real cons to this software. 
I like this product is cheaper than otehr at the same level, give more for less, at the moment price is the main pro for Zoho Desk
Nothing at the moment whatsoever, I need more testing to find out any cons but by far none its great. I didn't test the full version just the professional, but maybe add more features from the top tier to the professional will be great.
Easy to use and set up.   Setup entire team in under two hours without previous knowledge of the software.  Menus and setup are intuitive.
There are some fields and layouts that are not customizable.  I was hoping to be able to further customize the look of my tickets, but it is just a minor annoyance
