Overall, I've been very pleased with YourMembership from initial introduction, through implementation, and into daily operations.  I especially appreciated working with my Implementation Specialist, who not only guided me throughout the implementation but also spent the extra time to understand my work style to be sure her support set us up for success in the long term.
We have had a great experience thus far with YM! If we needed help getting something set up or corrected, we are able to contact support and receive almost immediate assistance. The ability to collect membership dues, event registration payments, provide an informative website, manage membership records, etc. all in one place is great and it's easy to use. 
Your membership offers a user-friendly platform where you can keep all your member data in one place.  Event registrations were easy for members to utilize and we had excellent history records of attendance.  The onboarding went very smooth.
The service is outstanding.  My implementation person ([SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]) has been very responsive and helpful!  
It has been excellent. First, we spent about 3 months meeting weekly with a YM rep ([SENSITIVE CONTENT]) to learn the system and to format our website main page. She was great to work with, very patient with us, and answered all of our questions to ensure we had a successful launch. The options and products that YM offers actually helped us to move away from some of the outsourcing that we previously had to do for some of these processes. This also helped to reduce cycle time for processes and allow our admin to spend more time on other tasks vs spending large amounts of time of fixing issues. The support system is good. It is easy to search for a topic when you can not remember how to do something are trying to do something for the first time. The write-ups or videos they have are good or you can always call and talk to someone! Most importantly, our members are way more pleased with their experience when navigating through the website for information or events than they were with our old website with our previous vendor.
