We were looking for a durable place to store team knowledge that everyone could search and contribute to. We experimented with a dozen other platforms but Slab was the most feature-complete and easiest to use of the bunch. The team is small but their response time and customer service is excellent.
Whenever a vendor or person who doesn't work here uses our slab they have decided to implement slab at their company. Every. Time. 
Slab is so easy to use and has just the right amount of features to be everything you need, but not a lot of extra features that get in the way.  From setting it up, to getting the team onboard, to adding new articles, to searching articles, everything works as you would expect without having to figure anything out.  It's simple and easy to use, and we enjoy using it more and more.

We are a web development firm and provide website maintenance services, so Slab contains everything from company policies to detailed technical documentation for solving specific problems, and it has worked great for everything we wanted to document.
My team finds that Slab meets our needs MUCH better than Atlassian Confluence. We made up our minds to make the switch only a few days into our trial.
I was looking for a reasonably priced knowledge management service that works well with Korean.
I've tried many services in the past, and I had a lot of issues with search, export and sharing.

Atlassian's product was overwhelmingly feature-rich. It is a very nice product. But it wasn't for our team. Our team needed a simple product that is not so hard to use, and works well with Korean./
Slab is awesome in that it does the basic things just right. It is easy to write, find and share contents. I think it even presents very nicely. 

I was very impressed by Slab team's customer support. They responded quickly to my questions and were very friendly. When I requested a feature, the team kept track of my request and sent me a mail a month later reminding me to check out the feature that I requested.

I am not working for Slab nor am I related to their team by any means.
I am leading a small IT system admin team in Korea, (less than 15 people) and I found Slab while I was searching for a knowledge management system for my team.

I tried more than 5 solutions in the past 2 years. Slab was my pick.



