Extremely positive experience. Our team covers different angles to various platforms simultaneously, but sometimes, it's just not possible to have everyone on deck for an event. Restream allows for a member to opt out if necessary without shrinking our potential visibility, and frankly, that's fantastic. 
Ease of use and convenience. It's fantastic for when you have an event and want to make sure all your bases are covered at once. It's no longer a question of, "If my team can't commit for a day and I alone stream to this platform over here, who am I leaving out over there?" You're covered. With Restream you're a one man army on all fronts.
Not much I'd consider a con. Sometimes the Restream chat across platforms is a tad temperamental. I'd say the only real dislike is the auto-fill into descriptions and titles upon start of stream that says "Restreamed with Restream.io". I understand the need to advertise a service in use, but perhaps a customization of the message or adjustment to placement if it's in a longer description, maybe even a premium to remove it altogether. Right at the top can feel a bit intrusive at times.
That you can easily stream to multiple platforms. 
It often logs out and we have to reset it up each time. 
Great
I like it because you get more options to work with even if you have the free version and also stream to your favorite sites at once
I don't have any bad reviews for this service is top notch 
It lets me stream to all my platforms and is super easy to control.
It's doesn't have as much features as I would like it to.
Restream is really helping me expand my streaming presence by allowing me to have a setup that works with and broadcasts to all of the platforms that I use to stream. Its has save me quite a bit of time and head scratching by making it possible to control everything from one place.
To put it simply, Restream is one of the better multi-streaming apps/sites that I have tried out. As a begginning streamer, I want to get my streams to as many viewers on as many platforms as possible and using Restream, I can do that with little to no effort. 
Setting everything up to run was a breeze and once I made some adjustments to my internet connection, streaming is smooth as butter. Even on Facebook. 
All in all, if you are looking to expand your horizons with your streams, Restream is not a bad way to go about it.
The thing that I like least about this software is probably the learning curve involved. More than likely, that's more than likely operator error and is easily overcome by seeking help through the provided forums and technical support. Things are getting much easier as I learn so I'm sure those with more experience streaming wouldn't run into the same issues that I had.
We love Restream and use it on a weekly basis.  It's reliable and user friendly.
Restream very easily allows us to live stream our worship services to both Youtube and Facebook.  The analytics are easy to process and helpful for assessment.
We have no qualms with Restream.  It does exactly what we ask it to do and for a reasonable cost and without much training.
The company poorly treats customers.  Legalistic in handling customer issues.  Pushes blame on you if you didn't follow their chat bot instructions.  They will do everything to keep your money and not give it back.  Choose Streamyard it is easier to use and they are better as a company.
I don't know I didn't get a chance to use it fully.
This company Restream software has poor way of handling transaction with customers.  Be aware if you try to cancel because you cannot use the application, they will make excuses that you either didn't cancel in time or you didn't listen to one of their chat bots to qualify for a refund.  A lot of blame pushing on their customers in order to keep you money.  I didn't get a chance to use the product and they took my money $133.00 a whole years service.  This company is not to be trusted.
Amazing product never had any issues
The ability to broadcast to more than one streaming service with ease.
Not specifically about the software but when you become big on a platform you are restricted to that platform.
Ease of use and the ability to customize title/game. 
Wish I cut stream to a FB page without costing so much. Need more game titles or ability to custom add one. 
Awesome service definitely worth it 
Being able to stream to multiple at once 
Having an email blast to let my followers know I am going live 
Works perfectly.  I can't think of anything they can change.
The interface is fluid and easy to figure out.  I use it for studio session live streams and tutorials. It's also easy to share steams through social media sites.  Works like a charm.
I have no cons to speak of.  It has yet to freeze up or let me down even once.  I have no need for another streaming platform.
The software lets me expand my audience by letting me stream to more than one platform at once. Essentially I am growing on more that one platform at once.
I love ReStream! The thing i like the most is how easy it is to use! The experience is seamless.
The least thing i like about the software is the chat apps lack of features. 
So far so GREAT! Being able to hit to audiences at once has helped us push milestones for viewers and watch time on both platforms.. and for our followers who prefer one side or the other it is nice we give them the choice of where to watch. 
I love that I can capture 2 audiences with one stream. I love that I am obtaining watch time and new followers on different platforms. 
I am only using the FREE version so I am limited to how many platforms at once I can stream. Having more platforms avail, without doubling would be a great addition to the free. (So having YT, Twitch AND Facebook, Mixer, etc avail as well would be swell!)
So far so good, I like the after stream reports too giving some insight on how it went. 
The ability to stream to multiple platforms at once. This allows my viewers to choose the platform they are most comfortable with, without having to miss the streams or go to an unfamiliar place to watch. 
Sometimes it seems like there is extra delay OR maybe a bit laggy. 
Overall very positive and I will and have recommended it to other streamers.
Restream makes streaming to multiple platforms simple. It is overall, very easy to use and it is dependable. I seldom have issues with it, and when I do, customer service is prompt and helpful. 
It is still not quite as compatible with Facebook as I would like and having to post the new keys every stream is a bit irritating. I know they are still developing this though, and I'm sure it will continue to get better and better.
It is a very useful product. It was exactly what I was looking for when I searched how to overlay my chat. 
Having the chat imposed over my game is very handy. It keep me from looking away from my game to read the chat.

It has some quirks which make it difficult to learn and use. It frequently "forgets" the stream key which you don't know until you hit the Start Stream button. It will not function with no indication why until you realize it needs to update as sometimes there is no indication of an update. It does not include all aspects of chat. For instance, it doesn't include system messages where So-and-so has hosted the chat or a subscription.
Having streamed to one platform exclusively for about a year (some time ago), I wanted to try other sites without leaving the original platform behind. Due to Restream's extensive features, I was able to not only stream to multiple platforms but grow a community across them all. It extended my reach in ways I wouldn't have otherwise considered and has changed the way I look at streaming entirely!
The chat features really make Restream a standout product. Connecting viewers across multiple sites enables me to build a community that transcends any one streaming platform, and for that I am grateful! There's several options for how you want to accomplish this too, which gives you a great deal of control.
It can take a while for new platforms to be fully integrated, especially chat features. That said, Restream still seems to get that accomplished faster than other services. There are occasional hiccups with individual platforms, but they're typically due to a change on the platform in question that hasn't been fully rolled out or documented. Even then, Restream is quick to address these issues!
Restream has grown a lot and continues to get better by the day, it allowed me to branch out and meet people across multiple platforms at the same time.
Restream allows users to setup 1 account and then link MANY different sources to where they want their stream to go. It is easy to navigate and comes with helpful tools on the side to help powerup your stream even more such as the chat tool.

They also have an analytics dashboard so you can see your metrics, as well as an after stream report that can help see the overview of your entire stream.
Sometimes it felt like there was a lot going on and could be overwhelming.
It's super easy to get your stream set up to go through the multiple services by just putting in the single stream site & code into your streaming software
I haven't really run in to many issues that turned me off of the service. It works as intended. 
i Enjoy Restream still one of the better of the Two products that offers restreaming capability for free.
Restream allows me to send out my broadcast on multiple s
They don't allow you to stream to multiple of the same platform unless you pay for it.
