The team there is so helpful.  Excellent customer service..no problem with getting fast answers to my problems..
It's functionality and it is so easy to use.
Nothing.  It's perfect for me and my team.
Collaboration service Samepage gets team members on the same page, by putting all the information relevant to their teamwork in one place. It's flexible, simple, and affordable.
You can add as many documents as you need in each team, to organize new projects or brainstorm ideas. Tying it together is a group to-do list and calendar that pulls each team's events and tasks together from all the pages'and your own to-do list and calendar that show items from all teams you're part of. That keeps things from getting hidden away in documents, giving you instead a place to keep the details straight with another spot to make sure you don't forget appointments and tasks. 
No PDF or image markup tools. Few templates. No easy way to revert to previous version of a page, despite version history. Clunky design.
I can not say that this is the best application of its kind. Nevertheless, there are advantages: it is convenient that the program allows you to add guest users to your contacts and attach comments and files to tasks, you can immediately configure recurring tasks at your own discretion and save these settings.
Not too wide range of synchronization with third-party services, there is no system of accounting estimates and costs, you can not set the priority level, there are no templates and schedule.
There is a lot to like about Samepage - right from the simplicity of the UI and ease of use to the robust capabilities. I was able to replace Slack, Asana, Box and a whole host of other applications that my team used with just Samepage! 
I would prefer to have the feature of adding hashtags to individual files so that indexed search can work even better. 
Project management and communication all in one package is great.
Not integrated with Slack.  Too many zaps to gain great functionality.
Ease of use ...affordable and scalable ,it is easy to punish and update 
Awesome online collaboration and project management app 👌
Mobile app is sometimes a little flaky but it has improved
It eases the process of communication and document sharing in the workplace 
The pricing plan ($7/month/user) is low and affordable to most corporates 
Supported by all devices as it is deployed in leading modes such as Windows, Android, Cloud 
Customer support is available online and in business hours 

Nothing major except that when there are slow internet connections it becomes an issue to use the software perfectly  
Like many other reviewers here, I would like for the calendar feature to be a bit more robust, but other than that, our whole team is really loving Samepage for its clear, simple, uncluttered look and the ability to keep track of tasks and plans for a variety of projects. The ability to collaborate with people outside our organization is a big plus. And I love that they are constantly tweaking things to improve them, such as adding the ability to add participants to a task rather than having it showing only on the assignee's task list. The customer service is second to none ... responsive, fast and helpful.

We had tried a couple of other communication platforms, but this one really fits our needs for a clean interface, great collaboration and ease of organization.
Ease of use
Clean interface
Ability to upload photos, plans, etc.
Ability to collaborate with outside contractors, architects, etc.
The calendar is pretty useless for our needs, would like to be able to import my Google Calendar
I haven't been able to figure out how to simply cut and paste something into a page.
Excellent! We love it and highly recommend.
It's been invaluable in communicating real time planning and strategy information. Planning a small business can have a lot of moving parts. Same page helps us in many ways to stay in top of priorities and ideas that will move us forward. Real time collaboration is essential for our success.
The landing page is a little clunky (less intuitive than the rest of the product), but functional.
Good project management tool & Team collaboration software.
It is simple to get to anyplace and everything is on one page. customizable notice highlights, expansive capacity, simple to include individuals. this program is so customizable to our needs, we are able to have as numerous distinctive groups as required, and everything is kept in one put. it has everything we require - reports, chat, calendar, and records all in one put together.

A small bit of the portable range needs to move forward. A few of the mobile and desktop app isn't responsive to more seasoned/unpredictable screen sizes and prefer to have a clear and simple dashboard. It would be great to have a chat highlight for assignments that aren't allowed to a specific group. it is sweet to have a new apprentice to guide those who made at the primary time.

I work in the cattle industry exporting American Grade A beef. The route from farm to fork can be tricky and costly for the best beef. The versatility of Samepage now allows me to keep even my most remote operators in the fold. Simply put, our operations are more efficient and less costly, and thats no bull.
I work in the cattle industry exporting American Grade A beef. The route from farm to fork can be tricky and costly for the best beef. The versatility of Samepage now allows me to keep even my most remote operators in the fold. Simply put, our operations are more efficient and less costly, and thats no bull.
So far I cant complain, I will update in the future should anything arise.
As a member I was able to do all I need - see my tasks, share my files, see reports and discuss with projects with the team - all in this app. 
It has so many features! It offers so much in the free version, that is necessary for a small company. I like that We can speak for a particular project, without switching to chat apps. Also - the file sharing option, I don't need to use third party software for that. This saves lot of time!
It took time for some of the members to get used with the UI.
I like this software because you can have separate file and anyone can be invited to use it within the system.
I sometimes have difficulty navigating through the software.
Samepage has helped my team get on the "same page" with every job we tackle. We love being able to create documents, share observations about them, assign tasks, and utilize the shared calendar. Most products are too expensive for our small team to afford, but this fits the budget without losing any of the functions that we need.
Intuitive, visually appealing, powerful.  While remaining easy to navigate, Samepage does everything I want a team management system. 
No cons to this product. I have yet to encounter something that makes me say, "I wish that were different."
Samepage is cool, and getting better, but for a cloud based service, it has zero integration with other apps. We need an API, integration with other services, and openness.

We also need more customization, such as custom domains so when a user logs in, he knows he's logging in to HIS account.

We need more security, such as two factor authentication and other forms of authentication, such as AD or OAuth, and the ability to restrict logins to a certain IP address.

Understanding how to use the product is a big factor, as well; the intro video is useful, but it doesn't go deep enough to really teach someone how to use the product. It shows what is possible, not how to do it.

It needs to play with with other Kerio applications, not exist on it's own. Give users access to the Connect Calendars, the Connect address books, the two factor authentication provided by Control, etc.

Give us the ability to link to services such as Zapier for complete customization.
ease of use and enhances the training experience.
Samepage is very user friendly. It enhanced my training experience and made it easy to work with attendees in different locations. Communications with others was easily executed.
Samepage has provided me with eh ability to communicate and track conversations with a large and small group of business professionals. It has been a lifesaver when it comes to keeping us all organized and connected. 
Samepage is perfect at keeping us organized. We love the document storage system and user firendly platform.  
It's a lot to take in at first but once you commit it has been extremely helpful. 
Easy!
In this time, where everyone in the world is needing to connect and work together virtually, Samepage offers a lovely 1-Stop Shop approach in a User-Friendly Forum/Platform!!  
My Team loves that we can all Instant Message - 1-on-1 or in various groups, call or video call each other, and work on and talk about shared documents that we can all look at together while chatting!  Fantabulous!

Thank You!  Nicole Lawless & the Executive Services Dream Team
Ottawa, ON
Only drawback is that you can't open Excel spreadsheets in a workable format within Sampage.
My team was introduced to Samepage about a year ago.  We always struggled finding a software where we can layout our marketing campaigns.  We needed big picture views, goals, details and tasks all in one place. Samepage allows us to put it all on the same page (I love that) and organize it how you please. Great software- if you try it, you will fall in love with it.
Overall, Samepage has been transformative for our operation almost overnight.  It was well received internally and externally.  We have tried several other major collaboration platforms and found them too much work or expense for less than the right return in features and usefulness.  Samepage is best of breed in our opinion.
It succeeds at its role of allowing us to work together across multiple locations and projects.

Neatly divisible projects, teams, and pages let our company use the same platform for various collaborations with appropriate privacy and security.

Includes all the key features - tasks, calendars, file sharing (including integration with cloud storage like OneDrive), chat, and live multiuser document editing.

Using Samepage to organize projects saves time overall by putting important information, notes, documents, and communications in one place.

Having everything in one place makes it easy to look back on stalled or slow-moving projects and pick up where we left off seemlessly.

Pricing structure allows us to collaborate with many outside contacts and even minor inside team members while only paying license fees for our substantial internal users.

Phone apps extend the reach of the platform and are great for quick communications like chats.

The ability to make custom page templates makes it easy to create a consistent look and layout for shared pages.
Page templates are local to each team they are created in.  Although they're easy enough to make, any later edits to those templates have to be manually rolled out to every team that uses them.

Tasks and calendar events that are placed in one team or page can't be moved to another.
