Um ótimo aplicativo, uso para explanar minhas idéias.
Finally a mind map app, I realize easy usability. Maps are perfect. Simple and easy to use.
Sometimes the fonts in the app doesn't work, when saved by pdf or png, the title font changes.
It is versatile I use it both in the office and in the classroom, it saves me time and money and I do not require others to do what I can do. I recommend it among my colleagues and students.
It is very easy to register and immediately use, without needing tutorials. The default templates are visually pleasing and relaxing colors.
It has no spelling checker, if you work alone you need to apply more effort. However, for the simplicity and easy to develop logical and creative thinking I give more favorable opinion.
It is a tool that using few words or small sentences, the user can capture many ideas, especially when using the mind map.
The tool allows the user to organize their ideas so that they are all visible and accessible.
In the first moment of use, unintentionally erased the ideas that were ready or moved them to other places.
Shortcut keys make it effortless to build complex maps quickly. The arrangement of the maps as they grow is handled extremely well. There is no other mind mapping software that comes close to Mindomo in my experience, I have tried many others. The ability to copy and paste whole branches to other mind maps has come in really handy as well.
It would be good to be able to put more that one URL link on a topic. Also the icons can be slow to load and the "recent" icons section isn't always accurate.
I love Mindomo to organize thoughts and notes, for planning complex projects, for sitemaps and brainstorming / insights workshops.
Despite being excellent for day to day use in projetcs, it's a technical tool, so not that suitable for presentations that need more "hype".

What I like most about this program is that you can make mental, conceptual maps, as well as diagrams in a very simple way. It is a program that does not require previous instructions and that is stored in the cloud directly. You can export your work in different formats without any mishap.
Really what I do not like is that to access some formats you have to pay a certain membership.  In general, it does not have many cons

The user interface is clean and easy to execute.
I have nothing to complain about. Everything is well designed.
Very good, I use it every day 
+ Mind map sharing with my students,
+ notes formatting
+ fluid and no bug so far 
The code formatting and image integration is missing in notes 
The fact that a map can be consulted from any plattform, shared  with anybody and allow teams to collaborate
I miss a timeplan monitoring solution  or task ispatch linked to outlook
I am using Mindomo to organize my lecture material with links to resources. I am also using Mindomo for the assignment feature for student group work.
Ease of use and very easy to learn. Ability to copy and paste maps as well as import / export maps. Many ways to attach links, images, or files to a node.
The set styles to change color of nodes are not diverse or organized. It would be great to have the ability to save a new style rather than having to set it up for each new map.
Super
The graphical interface and all the options
Not to be able to create workflow tyoe of diagrams
It facilitates the design of my history classes, exposing the facts and their interrelations in a clear, orderly, visually pleasing way. It is an excellent tool to learn and to teach.
It gives the possibility to create a map from scratch or use the available templates and integrate images and videos, for that reason a more fluid, ludic and dynamic class is prepared with time.
It is so useful, easy and fun that allows the positive development of the teaching-learning process, therefore I do not have opinions against
You will be able to improve your memorization through its connections, short words and images. You will be able to plan and easily write essays by researching and making structure in your mind and then convert it into a real-time outline. It also allows you to use evidence for support. You can claim by attaching files, videos, images and links with it. It helps teams in collaborating with their mind maps. It helps students in collaborating on the same map at one time. 
It helps in mapping out your plans, ideas, and interests visually for achieving goals. You will be able to generate new ideas, synthesize and structure information, make decisions, solve problems and plan accurately through it. It helps in developing thinking and learning skills. It helps in understanding the course material that how concepts are relating to each other. 
It does not tell you about the due dates of your tasks. Image integration and code formatting are missing in it. Users are frequently facing unstable connections. It should be improved as compared to other tools of mind mapping. 
It has no spell checker, so when working alone it requires more concentration. But since Mindomo allows you to work with other people online, the lack of the proofreader does not impact that much. In general terms I like it a lot.
It was very easy to use from the first day. Do not need tutorials on the web or explanations from other people to use it. The default templates are ordered, beautiful and relaxing colors.
It has no spell checker, so when working alone it requires more concentration. But since Mindomo allows you to work with other people online, the lack of the proofreader does not impact that much. In general terms I like it a lot.
I have been user since 3 years. Liked it a lot, use it a lot
Ease of use. Mapping features. Other plataforms integration. Cluod integration
Lack of good mobile or tablet app. The android one is too simple, lack of lots of PC features
With mindomo I was able to perform the necessary tasks on the pc and then show it on the web or cell phones. application interoperability makes it more secure. The cloud where I keep my work is essential.
I really like the ease with which I can extend my mind maps, add an extra touch of design and export to different formats. All without complex tools to use. Videos and audios can be added.
I didn't find any directions for the authoring, editing, and publishing tasks. Maybe a larger number of templates to start with.
 It is simple to use with a lot of features. I like the fact I can access my mind maps from computers and my phone. You can discover it for free (with just a limit on the number of mind map). Very friendly customer service !
There was some limitations, I send them a mail and they explain how to overcome them (and now, they have even remove the limitation since the last update).
The ease of use and intuitive nature of the software let me capture my thoughts in a simple, straightforward manner.
I wish there was more customizability, and that it was easier or more intuitive to change the shapes, sizes and paths of my thoughts.
Maps can be exported in a wide range of formats. A free version is available  (supporting up to three maps only).
The UI is very minimalist with few icons and the functionality is not always intuitive. The learning curve is a bit steeper than with equivalent tools such as Xmind.
Mindomo es una herramienta muy útil para nuestra comunidad estudiantil, nos ha permitido el trabajo integrado y colaborativo con el fin de desarrollar pensamiento esquemático con una representación extraordinaria e integración de elementos multimediales para la conceptualización y creación de contenido para nuestros estudiantes.
Cada actualización que realizan nos sorprende porque esta pensando para los usuarios.
La facilidad de la herramienta y su continua actualización
Al comienzo su articulación con los explorados de Internet y también que ampliaran la cantidad de mapas gratuitos para los estudiantes, con 3 no es suficiente.
