I like the the overall aesthetic of the Service Desk.  I like that you can generate reports based on the data.
Getting confused sometimes about where a specific  feature may be.
The ability to manage assets efficiently within one software
I felt like it was disorganized so I didn't want to go through with the purchase
Samanage has transformed how we go about asset management. Not only does the client based system collect all the relevant information regarding our estate, the greatest feature is it automatically connected to Dell and Apple to retrieve and display when warranty's are expiring so we can always stay proactive.
Pros: ease of use, super simple setup, great reports and lifecycle management
Cons: cannot think of any
fjdaksfnlkdsa ncslkdc cnslk;cj;ldskjcsdn mclkmds;lkcsd cn cmlkmclkdsjalkfdsn cmsalkcmdslkajldsnclkdsa;mcs lcmlks
Sasmanage  is a simple and yet productive product. Very efficient in the way you manage project. It is awesome
Samanage meets our needs wonderfully. It is not as feature rich as some of the (much) more expensive titles out there but it has pretty much everything we need. And it is what we need most, a tool to effectively manage communications with our customers. And it is extremely easy to learn and use.
feature set that meets our needs, ease of use, good visual presentation
Asset management features could be a bit more robust. Software metering would be nice for instance. And workflow creations could be more flexible.
Samanage is easy to set up, easy for my users to use, and makes tracking incidents and problems a snap. The automated workflows available in the service catalog have changed our organization dramatically, while the built-in inventory function has made asset management simple and useful.
We use it for IT and HR helpdesk applications inside our association. It surely addresses that issue.
Solarwinds as of late procured Samanage and rebranded the item Solarwinds Service Desk. As another samanage client, this caused a little tension yet I'm glad to report that I think this has been a positive progress. Solarwinds as an incredible standing for making solid items (we utilized other solarwinds items before this), and they appear to be effectively fostering the item. It's generally moderate, exceptionally easy to manage, and adjustable to the level we need.
The production of the Service Catalog could have more choices. You can make handle that is reliant upon the clients choice however it's just accessible once making the field subject to one field. The support is overall acceptable and moment through a talk work, yet for testing questions can set aside effort to find support with. 
As a small business owner I'm primarily on my own in regard to IT. Samanage has been the perfect solution for me to create tickets and track and address IT problems. I've found the asset management to be incredibly helpful as well. I love that it was really easy to set up and to train on. If it weren't user friendly then it wouldn't have worked for my business. I also use it to track software licenses and subscription services and to make sure that everything is accounted for. 
- User Portal is easy for users to use. 
- Able to create sefl-service portal for common issues.
- Service catalog - for routined tasks
- Powerful reporting capabilities
- Excellent customer service
- No option to automatically change a ticket’s status when an agent responds
- Complicated groups and permissions
I love their clean user interface and the speed of the application. I don't have to worry about upgrades and updates and the app just keeps on getting better and better. Our entire organization is using Samanage for help desk software and IT asset management. We recently expanded beyond just IT and are using the product in HR, facilities and the procurement organization. Our employees love the ease of use and the intuitiveness of the product.
The documentation and help could be better. However, this is so nicely designed that you don't have to go through big manuals to get started. 
Samanage has been easy to convert to, although a little different from the last ticket desk we used.
Overall experience was great!  Definitely like better than service now and also works well with solarwinds network monitoring.
Ticket management is easy to use
Asset management works well
Ticket assignment function works well
Helpdesk monitoring is a great tool
A little cumbersome to set up, but once completed works great!  Had some difficulty adding custom fields.
I like the layout. It makes sense and is easy to use.  Currently the only thing I would suggest to change is I don't like how when your mouse rolls over the top left menu and automatically opens it. I would rather just like to click on it when I need it. Sometimes it pops open when I don't need it to. Other than that, so far, so good! I don't know much about the back-end of things, but when adjusting users, I hear that you cannot delete an old account, so when we were making some changes there were a few bugs to work out. That's all for now!
The ability to manage issues in a way that can be tracked.
The apparent issues setting up permissions.
When we were planning to change our ticketing system, SolarWinds SD is not our first choice. It was out of our budget so we leaned on getting the cheaper system from our options. But our choice was bought by Solarwinds after just about few months after we purchased it (hehehe) and we were forced to learn Solarwinds SD. BUT WOW. It was way way better than any other system we used! Believe me, Solarwinds SD is worth every buck. We should've chosen it from the beginning, then we could've saved training time. Thumbs up!
HTML format can be made on the comment section of a ticket.
Ability to tag (@) someone from the organization.
Easy merging of tickets.
Service Catalogs are flexible.
I do not like where they put the delete button for images. When you open an attachment, the close button is very close to the delete button.
With the Samanage agent installed on laptops we have the ability to ensure our people in the field are where they should be when they should be, and allows us to trace and find lost or missing equipment.
There's no way to globally turn off their 'chat' feature, which they use to broadcast new products or features via a chat window that pops up when you're using the software to do something else.
I like that I am able to check up on the status of my ticket through my e-mail.
I like that we can edit our incidents after we have submitted them. I like how the software notify me when there has been an update to my ticket.
Sometime, the software doesn't recognize my login information. After I contact my system admin, the issue is usually resolved. 
