It is great to have all of the main marketing functions for a businesses in one place. This software enables me to use minimal IT and developer resources while rolling out new landing pages, emails, and other marketing creative. In the past, this has required heavy back and forth with a UI or development team. I am able to do a lot more marketing with a lot less internal investment/support. 
The ease of use has markedly decreased a couple of times since Salesforce purchased Pardot. They need to bring back their UI team! There are feature requests that go ignored with little to no explanation. This platform is still the best on the market compared to direct competitors.
I enjoy using Pardot, but as I've worked with other marketers it sounds as though other available options may offer a more robust feature set.
Engagement studio helps build out the logic for drip and nurture campaigns very easily, making it very easy to conceptualize and implement without constant doubt.
The email and landing page builders often display strangely and are a little clunky to use overall. The search functionality is very basic and does not always pull up the results it should, and reporting is also minimal. 
There is a very organized approach to set it up. This product made an immediate impact on our marketing department, and we can't wait to delve deeper into the rich set of features.
I am very happy with our choice in the product and would not change anything.
I liked how powerful Pardot was and the sheer number of people you could manage in the system. It also had nice Salesforce integration. However, the hard to edit templates and complicated back-end made it difficult to use long term. 
Pardot is great for sending out mass emails using simple templates. I also like the ability to sort a person by their "pardot score"
I do NOT like how hard it is to edit templates and how clunky and hard to find everything is
I love how Pardot syncs directly with SalesForce and allows for any organization you can imagine.  
I run into a lot of issues not because Pardot is a bad tool, but because I do so much with Pardot that I have very high expectations of how quickly or seamlessly something should work.  In these cases, I wish Pardot Support was easier for me to contact.  Open cases seem to have been removed from the website and I'm not often using Pardot during live chat hours.
Its very easy to use and offers a wide range of solutions.
Using Pardot only makes sense if your strategy consists in a lot of email marketing campaigns
The lead deck allows you to actively manage your prospects and even engage them when the sale is currently on their mind. 
Integration with various programs is a bit spotty, such as Outlook and a few others. 
It is a cost-effective solution for automated email marketing. 
I wish templating emails and landing pages was better documented and fully featured.
I have used multiple platforms - all the big names - and Pardot is by far the most user friendly and with the tighest integration with Salesforce. The functionality is unreal and simple to use. You can segment, score, import, export, upload images — all incredibly easily and therefore quickly. The email and landing page tools are a breeze. Drip campaigns a piece of cake. And last but certainly not least is their online customer support and overall culture. Everyone you will deal with has a absolutely fabulous attitude - and will patiently help you and you walk away feeling even better about their service. If there isn't a case study on Pardot service and culture there certainly should be. I hope their culture positively influences the SF culture - while not horrible, does not have the energy and spirit of Pardot but I'm not sure who does!
The only thing that needs some improvement is perhaps in the reporting area. It's not bad — and not a deal breaker by any means - but it could be more robust.
its good like the capabilities of marketing and lack sandbox or developer account so that we cna precisely tets an dmake things happen in paradot.
1. The support is simply great - They open the tickets on the same day and try to solve your issues within the same day
2. It is great for integration with salesforce products 
3. Marketing automation is very simplified and easy to manage
4. Excellent for lead management and segmentation
5. Great for tracking the customer's journeys and activities of prospects

1. It does require a lot of training to use the platform
2. It is expensive as compared to competitors
3. Reporting is not the best

Ease of use -- this includes building and working with drafts, email templates, landing pages, setting automation rules - it's easy to cross train, follow directional cues for each step, and we typically code 3-4 templates ourselves and can easily manipulate code to get the look and feel we want.

Integration - We use gotowebinar, good data, salesforce, social and the integration with all of these is as easy as setting up a connector. We can pull information easily which makes us more efficient as a team and effective. We can set an automation rule and go. 

Customer service - these guys rock at Customer service, the chat function works flawlessly for my needs. When I have a quick question I can chat in and they provide me with the options and advice on my use case. They will literally stick with you through tons of complicated questions, they're friendly and helpful and I can always get in touch with them. 
The reporting feature leaves much to be desired for us especially in measuring conversions but we also rely heavily on salesforce to gather data because we measure things so differently. 
We use Pardot at our company for all our marketing outreach and have not had any complaints about it. I personally love the webinars they offer FOR FREE. I attended Dreamforce and a very nice Pardot rep from the UK took a whole hour to give me a personalized demo of the tool. I wish I knew his name so I could give him a shout-out. Everyone at the Pardot booth was super nice and helpful. Also, I like that our Pardot client advocate frequently checks on us to make sure everything is going well.
No complaints so far. Every question I've had has been answered.
As an institutional sales team of seven reps for an investment firm, we are reaching out to current advisors/investors as well as prospects - thousands of emails are being sent out each quarter.  In the past we were using the Salesforce mass email tool until realizing that a better option was available.  Pardot is so simple to use and has many more capabilities. 
Each individual sales rep can easily create templates, mailing groups based on their Salesforce contact fields and specify which email address to use as the sender.  Pardot's reporting system allows us to track who has read the email and the number of views of links or attachments. Scheduling and sending is very simple.
I was very pleased with the initial setup of the platform and thought the company they selected to implement was top-notch. We very much like the Gmail integration and one-to-one email functionality.
Our team gets discouraged when we don't see any activity from Pardot emails. I realize some of the tracking behind firewalls is out of their control, but maybe there could be some feedback when tracking is blocked.
Undoubtedly the main thing attracting us to Pardot is its integration with Salesforce. Pardot also has pretty solid customizability options (e.g., for forms). It is easy enough to use and to make sense of (at least at a basic level) without the need of external agencies, etc. 
Pardot's reporting is pretty frustrating. We were able to run some relevant aggregate-level reporting out of Salesforce, but finer-level detail was more difficult to integrate into our warehouse in an automated sort of way. The UI feels frustrating, too, but that may just be personal preference. 
Overall, great software and user friendly!
The Pardot product is a great way to send out marketing content to large, opted in audiences. The email templates are fun and the software is easy to use.
The only thing I did not like about using the Pardot software is that you must ensure the each contact is already opted in prior to emailing them. You cannot just send out purchased lists.
Pardot is a robust and comprehensive marketing automation platform. It streamlines the process of drip campaigns, list management, A/B testing, and automation actions. They also have a very informative onboarding process and a support chat feature that is great for getting troubleshooting assistance in real time.
There are still many feature that need further development due to bugginess and lack of features. Social posting doesn't report details about activity as it's supposed to, and there is no post preview feature. In report analysis and sharing, there is no way to share/export a report in a dashboard format or to breakdown analytics within Pardot or its current connnectors. And the folder section is arbitrarily used for file organization, with no further application throughout the platform.
I love commitment studion and that it's so natural to work out robotized missions and dynamic records , automated nurture compaings , segmentaion , email preference center , thus significantly more . It's extremely amazing and assumed a critical part in our promoting endeavors .
The product consumes most of the day to sort out whith parts are there . Limitation inside mechanization rules for multi_ varible updates .
