We are a three physician rheumatology practice in Miami Beach, Florida, and have been electronic since 2004. Our experiences until CareCloud were frustrating, to say the least. Our previous EHR/PM system was horrible, despite being one of the biggest names around. It was (and remains) a legacy system, saddled with screens that were full of checkboxes and devoid of any intuitive menus. Simple tasks would take multiple clicks, and that's if you spent hours doing the training to learn what those clicks were. Our accounts receivable was ballooning, the result of a practice management system that would reassure us that claims had gone through, only later to learn when drilling down that they were still being held by the system or somewhere lost by the clearinghouse, which was another nightmare. In short, we were through with this system.

It took a lot to decide to move on to another system (there is quite a bit of inertia to overcome, to say the least), but I can honestly say, looking back, that switching to CareCloud was one of our best decisions last year. In terms of the practice management side, I am no longer in fear that my billing staff will quit on me. The interface is intuitive, adjustments are easy to make, reports are easy to generate, and most importantly, our AR is now back to our target. Our clean claims rate to Medicare is over 97-98%, in part, thanks to CareCloud. Electronic remittance advice is autoposting for nearly all payers (in our old system, we were manually posting most of the time because we could not trust the software to autopost correctly!).  

As far as the EHR is concerned, I went into this understanding that CareCloud had just launched their EHR just a few months before I switched. The weakest link is probably its note composer. It should be a bit more structured. However, for me this works out perfectly, since the HPI and Impression and Plan are dictated by me using Dragon voice-recognition software. I've been told by the higher-ups at CareCloud that there is an entirely new revamp of the note composer that will fix all the weaknesses of the current one which should arrive any day now. I can say that the e-prescriber is far better than 2 previous ones I've used before. Looking up a pharmacy is intuitive and quick, and I haven't been called by a patient or pharmacy once to tell me the e-Rx never arrived. The scheduler is intuitive, easy to use. Many of my follow up notes are similar (we deal with chronic problems), so that it was important for me to be able to copy the old note into the new one, then make adjustments. We're able to do this with the simple click of a button. The whole interface is intuitive. I was pretty much set to go with about 3-4 hours of training, very different from the other systems that I used. I sort of liken this to the difference between working an iPad vs. an old PC running DOS.

The last thing I want to mention is support. I have been very skeptical about promises previously made. Half the support questions in my old system could not be figured out by the vendor, so my ticket got turfed to someone on the other side of the world. Needless to say, this was a nightmare, as those support staff had nary an understanding of Medicare, BCBS, Cigna, etc. It was incredibly frustrating. With CareCloud, whenever I run into a glitch I take a screenshot of the window I'm working on and email it to support, with resolution usually within the same day. They are also responsive to phone calls, and I don't get turfed to someone on the other side of the world that doesn't understand our medical and reimbursement environment. My billing staff and I have been very happy with CareCloud's support.

Lastly, I kind of figured out one of the reasons why CareCloud has to be able to deliver and why I'm convinced that they will. They are pay-as-you-go, so the onus is on them to deliver, otherwise, not I nor anyone else have any obligation to stick with the system. I made the mistake of signing a lease for my old system, for which I am still paying the remainder of the lease. I would strongly recommend to anyone else looking for an EHR/PM to avoid signing any lease or purchase contract.

I would like to make a specific mention of two stellar members of the CareCloud team, Elizabeth Kormesser and Michael Pepe. Elizabeth got us up to speed with both the EHR and PM and did a tremendous job of helping us fix the world of hurt that we were in early last year (2012). And Michael Pepe did a phenomenal job of making sure that we were ready to report for Medicare's first phase of meaning use. Looking back, man am I happy, satisfied, and once again, sleeping well at night!
Carecloud's charting system is second to none. It creates a dynamic flow from patient check in to claim submission. The software keeps my day efficient organized and profitable. Their product is always evolving and keeps my pt data safe and complaint. This is the best EHR on the market. 
Finally, I have found software that is nice to look at and get through from the beginning to the end of the patient encounter. It is easy to organize clinical data according to an individual provider's likes and dislikes. It took us about two months to become very comfortable with their system. Now I can finish a note in less than 15mins. The support staff has been nothing but more than helpful in providing quick responses to my many questions in getting adjusted to a new EMR!
