Light CRM without a big cost.
Tracks all emails in and out of system. Looks for information on social media. 
No print feature. Would like to print lists of companies and people to give to route visitors... Paper is better for some tasks. Bulk deletion is weird.
none.....none ...none none........none...none none  none........none...none none

none........none...none none none........none...none none none........none...none none
none........none...none none      none........none...none none none........none...none none

none........none...none none none........none...none none   none........none...none none
Nutshell is a best platform for customize our products and describe their features clearly to clients. Nutshell is much easier for a user to track customers and their profiles and stay in touch with them. Customer service of this CRM tool if very friendly for user to get proper guidance about any feature.
Nutshell allows us to easily upgrade and organize our products in front of clients. It is an automation suite for our products to present them in better and simple way in the business of marketing, and we can easily get customer and their profile for further assignment. On the other hand its an collaboration tool which brings all the colleagues together and they can discuss with each other about products.
Nutshell have numbers of features which help us in various way of marketing but it also has some difficulties because its features are bit complex for new use to work with this tool. Its searching feature is good but not best and need to be upgrade for accurate results. Their should and option of follow up in drop down menu.
have been looking for a CRM solution for a while, probably looked at them all.  We were looking for easy use and good reminders for follow ups that could also integrate with our mailchimp account.  Nutshell has been great, set up was easy and the learning curve was quick, it has really helped us keep on top of new and existing accounts.
ease of use, quick learning curve
In a nutshell ... all my acorns in one basket  ( "files" in one location)!
It captures everything I need in one locations ... best feature for me is the integration with Outlook so as all of my emails are in one spot.
Sometimes I feel like the data entry has to be duplicated when building a lead/company or person.    I have not had as much time as I would like to explore all of the features so not sure that I am setting it up the best possible way. 
I love Nutshell CRM! The product continues to get better every day. What I love is that you can provide your feedback and they actually listen and implement it
the best feature is the sales process, next I love the design - very easy on the eyes
Sometimes it takes a few extra seconds to load which is annoying. 
It is incredibly helpful to have so many features within one program. Nutshell is helpful to almost everyone on our team! With a quick search, the team can find contact information and see where the conversation left off. I love that there is a PandaDoc extension to help send documents in an organized & prompt manner! Reports are easy to generate and there are so many resources to help answer your questions. The provided training videos are clear & give good direction. Customer service representatives are knowledgable, kind, and personable.
Duplicates are easy to create, however the software makes up for this by creating an alert and suggesting that the information may already be in the system. 
Nutshell is a web based customer relationship management program ,and this eliminates the hassle of setting up and maintaining software, which is a weak point of non - web based Legacy CRM programs. Nutshell meets all of our expectation ,and allows for multiple user access ,smartphone access and it is cross platform too. 
It has been a bit of a challenge trying to find other programs which can natively be integrate with Nutshell,to improve our sales process.
If what you are trying to achieve is to expand sales opportunities, nutshell could be of great use. It is recommended to work with implementation consultancies, with call recording, and even to integrate with email automation services, such as mailchimp. 
This crm has everything necessary to make the contact management process friendly and agile. The platform has a good independent incorporation system, so that you can start working in the shortest possible time. 
The nutshell organization tools are not centralized enough to make it convenient to switch between them. Its integration with the calendar of the G suite has shown performance problems, and does not adapt to our sales model. 
Have been using Nutshell over the past 2 years and looking forward to many more.  Have been through some growing pains with updates, but the bugs eventually get fixed.  The Support team is awesome and are always helpful and very responsive.  Nutshell has taken place of my company communication which has replaced email and texting.
Love the integration with 3rd party programs like mail chimp and any other automation systems.  
iOS app needs some more tweaking with being able to have the little blue bubble on activities when viewing activities from the activity menu or when viewing activities on the account info page.  You only get the blue bubble if you go to the customer timeline and find the activity, or from the notifications menu.  The blue bubble for conversations on activities should be available everywhere you can access an activity.
A CRM that gets the job done without being complicated. Customer service is also excellent!
I had never used a CRM before, but yet I was able to set it up with ease. It is very intuitive.  We have a lot of people on our team who have never used a CRM before and they catch on easily. I also love the integrations with google and our ticketing system. 
Not all reporting features are available with the basic subscription - but enough are available that we don't need to upgrade. 
while checking out several CRM platforms this one just does nothing for me
The demo was interesting and I thought the software would be useful
Having "leads" instead of "opportunities" or "deals" seems confusing - in my experience the lead is the person and the sales opportunity is just that - the map feature and ability for the app to find social accounts meh - the mobile app is less than impressive
The ease of use is quite impressive. In addition the ability to quickly manipulate and crate different views is nice to have in a small business where we don't have time to engage IT resources for internal purposes.
The reporting functionality leaves a lot to be desired. It would be great if there the mobile app did not crash as much and offered more functionality.
Tracking new customers and having a database for existing customers and the equipment they have purchased from us.
Pretty easy to navigate and find information. The ability to attach files and to keep up with history.
Last year the dashboard was changed and we don't like the new layout. we prefer the old one as the To Do list is not so important for us.
The software is easy to learn and use and has many useful features. It is great that it is web based as I can use it on multiple devices and login with ease.
I don't like that you cannot customize the dashboard as I do not use all the features on it. The software can get a bit slow at times.
Works well out of the box with minimal configuration. The product is quick and responsive with a modern look and feel.
The product has had noticeable downtime and, although I have only ever observed it being down for a minute or two at a time, there was never any notification or explanation.
Very simple to use thanks a good interface. Multiple integrations available with third parties. Good number of tutorials and training material

Limited number of languages supported. Not very simple to upload data

Simplifies work immensely with easy to use integration of my files and contacts. 
Sometimes glitches with email usage and can hinder the overall experience. 
Fabulous. I have used 9 CRM's in the past decade and this is by far my favorite.
Ease of use and the fact that Nutshell will integrate data from your old CRM into their platform gratis.
More instructional videos on-demand on a wider variety of topics
