This software is very good in terms of providing sales forcasting; analytics information
you need to have CRM database background otherwise it will be very hard to learn about this software
we use salesforce for student recruitment and find it a very powerful tool  we paired it with marketing cloud and the two work seamlessly together 
It makes it very easy to find all your leads for sales in one place. No extra buttons that you don’t need. Very easy to navigate. 
I don’t have any complaints about the software. It works very well. 
Service cloud and Sales cloud are best products that are salesforce produced. As developer, It reduces my unnecessary workload
We use Salesforce to manage member information and also it connects to all the other different database platforms.  its very easy to manage the data and pull the information by all the other different database platforms.
I am not really  a big fan of SOQL so that the only thing I don't like.
It is very easy to do a quote and switch to a order.  Love the flexibility of the program.
Not able to pull up the entire quote on one page.
We only used it for a very short time and opted for Zoho for this particular project. But Salesforce can probably do anything you need it to if you are very, very patient.
Salesforce wins on features and integrations. It's got everything you can think of. It's got all the bells and whistles if that is what you are looking for. 
Price and complexity. Nothing about salesforce is easy. Compared to other tools on the market (Pipedrive, HighLevel etc.) their interface is a nightmare and so bogged down with features that's it's incredibly difficult to use. 
Central place to get all of sales and service to place information about customers and contacts for future reference.  As long as internet available, had information. 
Ease of use, with features that would fit to any size of business. Great place to document and track customer visits and contacts.
Hard to get everyone to use at same level to track customers and contacts. Tool rules modifiable, but needed time to implement. 
i liked that you could "tag" people in a case, like Facebook.  so it's good for people that are social media savvy, but if you are not, then learning the system may take you longer.
Finding a specific Case could be difficult a times.  
I enjoy being able to see all the information on an account and who has been working with them. I think there could be more shortcuts so there is less clicking to get to all the information. 
That you can see every account and where they are at or what business they do with us.
How we use the events instead of tasks. I don't think we are using events properly and we end up having to search for them instead of them showing up overdue. 
Able to use it as a contact capture and lead management tool.
The potential to fully manage our sales team from leads to analytics.  Seems like there are some really good reports and monitoring we could do from the app.
Not easy to incorporate with our SAP system and set up.  We cannot get our IT department comfortable with Salesforce accessing our SAP system.
 Salesforce provides powerful, connected products for improving your marketing, sales, commerce, service, IT, and more.
Salesforce is open seurce CMS and it need to by well protectede.
The best feature that sales force offers is its affordability as well as it's user friendlyness. The product certainly adapts to the needs of the customer. 
Not really much I don't like about salesforce.  I would recommend this product for bigger companies, though. 
I like the integration of so many resources and tools.
Performance could use some improvement. I also would like to be able to start typing a course within the "Search within a course" field and press Enter to choose it. I think it selects all courses by default in its query.
Using Salesforce crm or cloud is amazing especially when in a sales account. You can easily tag the calls and write update to a lead's information.
They should add click to call feature where it will automatically connected to a dialer.
This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test This is a test 
easy to set up, not great in being able to add the database which requires additional help from support
being able to build a pipeline and monitor the sales cycle daily. 
could be more user friendly and be easier to provide sales reports
It is very convenient that our leads can immediately be sent into Salesforce, so that we don't have to manually enter information and risk data entry mistakes. Helps are team stay on top of the sales process
Sometimes the features are difficult to figure out, and it is sometimes difficult to find the answers to help
I came to use Salesforce after years of using Microsoft Dynamics CRM. Although I preferred the interface of Microsoft Dynamics 2015, Salesforce is much easier to use and navigate through. It seems a lot more fluid as far as layout and design are considered. It is also nice that Salesforce allows integration with most marketing tools. For example, we integrate HubSpot and SquareSpace with Salesforce in order to track leads and lead scoring.
Easy to use. Customer Support. Integrates with most marketing platforms.
Pricey.
Salesforce CRM was built to meet the needs of enterprises and large businesses, but as the SaaS world exploded and small business solutions became more common, Salesforce expanded its scope with streamlined options that were easier and more affordable to get up and running. Today, the CRM giant offers users of every ilk access to powerful business software with plenty of customization options. The pricing scale Salesforce uses makes it easy for growing businesses to build out highly advanced systems, piece-by-piece, as they grow.

The sheer scalability of Salesforce makes it an excellent choice for companies that are quickly expanding. The Salesforce AppExchange store is one way in which CRM users can build out customizable systems. Through the store, Salesforce offers third-party integrations for thousands of apps and software products that range from in-house Salesforce add-ons to third-party solutions (both paid and free).

Other CRM software companies we reviewed have similar online stores for add-ons, but Salesforce's is far more comprehensive. The company also makes it easy to search add-ons based on product name and view industry-specific product bundles. Because Salesforce is such a huge company, the offering of industry-specific add-ons available is expansive, and there's even a separate section for small business specific add-ons, many of which are free.
Pricing options with Salesforce can quickly become complicated, and many users complain about a lack of clarity when it comes to what is included and what costs extra. Users who defect from Salesforce often cite this type of confusion.
