Difficult to get problems with user interface resolved, such  as simple login between two computers
Ease of usedont accept many characters to 
Difficult to utilize - Need to login on  a certain browser or 1 PC  at a time
Poor customer support - Email vollies back and forth with no problem resolution
Expensive postage - Above 1 lb. is more expensive than ebay and Amazon.
Features can be more automated - Same shipments cannot save on every type shipment, Certain pulldown fields not functional like the cubic selection or delivery confirmation, write text fields don't take enough characters to make the phrase,  Amazon inteface fails to download orders, etc.
We have a small e-commerce business and shipstation was very easy to setup with squarespace and very easy to learn. It pulls orders right in from squarespace. I would recommend it to others.
Ease of use, integration with squarespace.
I love how quick it is to get your labels created. It imports orders from your sites, holds inventory, and easily allows you to create new orders.
It takes a bit to learn you way around,  but after that it’s a breeze to achieve exactly what you need to do.
Shipstation has enabled us to have a centralized location that all orders flow through (most are linked, some are imported manually). The ability to create a shipment, receive a quote, batch orders, purchase and print labels, track packages and process returns in one program is literally the largest saver of time and money for my business. 
Shipstation was not the first shipment software I tried but it will definitely be the last. The platform is perfect for busy online retailers. At times, I was shopping 2,000 packages a day and shipstation handled it like a boss. 
At times, it can be difficult to reach the account manager assigned to our account. When customers depend on the shipment estimations we provide, we can’t afford software issues that go unresolved for any length of time. 
I've been selling online for seven years and it's always been a hassle to visit each site and prepare shipments. I was hesitant to try ShipStation because it was one more monthly fee, but I wish I'd starting using it a long time ago. I can see outstanding orders for all three of my stores and print postage from one screen. I'm still learning to use some of the features, but I'm anxious to check out some of my options, like batching and presets. ShipStation is more than worth the monthly fee!
I seem to have trouble every time I want to add funds for shipping or insurance. It will tell me there's something wrong with my card, but if I keep trying it will eventually work. Unfortunately, this happens when I'm trying to ship postage to get a package out the door.
It has streamlined our order fulfillment / shipment process and made it a lot more efficient. It's also so convenient to have all of the orders from our different shop platforms in one place and also to see the comparison between different shipping providers and their prices when fulfilling an order. We are very glad we made the switch to ShipStation!
There aren't any significant cons we have encountered so far! There have been little things here or there that I wish were more intuitive, but nothing major.
This software is easy to use and I love the fact that I can generate tons of shipping labels ( FedEx, UPS, USPS and others ) In bulk. The ease of use of the program is phenomenal. I can also upload orders and styles via CSV in a special format which is awesome!
The only real issue I have is customer service. It is kind of hard to get in contact with someone when you actually need some live help on issues and questions. 
Lets you change addresses, imports from selling channels, customize layouts for each admin, create color coded tags for stages of fulfillment. Discounted postage (we save about $500 a month on average) Can't say enough good things. JUST GET IT. STOP THINKING ABOUT IT! JUST GET IT!
EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS IS PRO! 
NOTHING ABOUT THIS IS A CON! LOVE IT!
ShipStation works; rock solid; easy to use; integrates with practically all major shippers and all major ecommerce platforms.  They are not kidding when they call it Shipping Nirvana.  ShipStation has awesome, knowledgeable support that can be contacted within a minute or two through online chat.  ShipStation is constantly improving every week despite already being fantastic.  Using their product makes me imagine that they assembled a talented team of programming ninjas.  ShipStation saves us literally hours per day.  I don't know how they did it, but I am really glad they did, because shipping for our small online business selling on multiple storefronts has become exponentially easier thanks to them.  THANK YOU SHIPSTATION!
This is my third month using ShipStation, and I am still thoroughly impressed with everything this tool has done for my small but growing business. The integration with WooCommerce is seamless. I now use ShipStation both for my eCommerce store and my subscription box program (currently about 480 shipments per month in total). 

Here are some of the major ways ShipStation has helped my business so far:

-Removed our reliance on PayPal Shipping, so we have been able to add a one-page credit card checkout option that has increased our conversion rate by about 30%

-Simplified the entire fulfillment process, so that everything from printing packing slips to the final shipping labels happens in the same dashboard, making it easy to train employees

-No more going back and manually marking 200 subscription box orders as shipped in the WooCommerce backend. ShipStation handles it automatically, so I always know exactly which orders have gone out

-Automatically sends tracking info to customers-- PayPal did not do this with recurring payments, so the subscription box customers previously had to request tracking info if desired. Saves time and gives the customers what they want before they need to ask.

Essentially, everything my business needs in a shipping solution, ShipStation offers. My only regret is not trying it out sooner! I've also been impressed with the customer service. I had several questions during my trial, and always received a courteous reply within 12 hours. 
Keep up the great work, ShipStation!
Seamless WooCommerce Integration
Easy Setup
Excellent Support Team
Full-Featured, Even at Lowest Tier
I've run into only one minor frustration-- I would like to see an option to print labels one at a time on 8.5x11" sheets, instead of only two at a time. You end up with half-used sheets from odd-numbered batches, and have to wait for another odd-numbered batch to use them. It's a tiny complaint. Every other feature I've wanted has been there.
The ability to create custom views is fantastic! I am able to pick and choose different criteria to tailor the user interface. I can choose what menus I want and completely custom tailor the interface to make it convenient for my businesses needs.
If I am using two different sales channels such as Amazon and Ebay and I have the same customer purchase from both channels instead of recognizing them as the same customer it will create duplicate customer accounts.
It's great to have all couriers in the same application. It's much easier to compare and get rate quotes using the rate browser feature. We also use this tool to create return shipping labels.
The biggest con is the delay in pushing orders through from "picking" status in NetSuite to ShipStation. There's an even longer delay when cancelling orders in ShipStation to update in Netsuite.
We love shipstation. It perfectly fits our company needs by keeping all tasks organized and separated. 
It offers so many break down categories. My favorite feature is the ability to pull up my specific tasks to complete them. This gets rid of everyone’s extra clutter.
Version 3. I refuse to reinstall it. It was filled with bugs and flaws.
ShipStation is incredibly easy to use. With a few clicks we can print labels for all of our Shopify orders. I've worked with ShipStation for a few months now and it's completely changed how we do business. If you have a Shopify store, ShipStation is 
Haven't run into any issues. Once we got everything set up it has worked flawlessly. 
