Seems to handle large numbers of participants well with few issues. I do like the mid-webinar survey option.
Seem to have a lot of audio issues, and I'm worried about the new version focusing on the wrong user base (younger audience rather than older). Recordings particularly have issues, such as the audio lagging behind the screenshare. Also, the cursor movement in the recordings does NOT match my actual movements, so it can be very distracting at times.
I like the stability and reliability of the solution. Different tools have an approach where the delivery of new functions is more important than maintaining the ideal conditions for the tool, it's definitely not about ClickMeeting. I am using this in daily routine for my live training sessions from last few years. In addition, the powerful side of this platform is that you can access it from any device and any operating system, well, except for very specific ones. I recommend it to everyone.
I like that software and everything around it. For all the time of use, I have not had any serious problems or bugs. The program is relatively new and as for me they still have much to grow, but the most important thing is that it would remain the same stable and reliable.
Good tool for webinar and online meetings
Ease of use and simplified one
webinar invites email blast is big advantage, no need to go for external system to manage the attendees list
work well with decent bandwidth




webinar Invite templates very basic one,  needs some more options and noticed some bugs
Audio quality

In my opinion one of the best aplication on the market
I was able to schedule and connect an online meeting with this product.
What I like most about ClickMeeting is that it is super easy to use.  Setting up a meeting was simple and my client had no trouble getting connected.
What I like least about ClickMeeting is the video quality.  Using the same camera (the onboard one in my iMac) that I use for HD results in other applications, I could not get HD results with CLickMeeting.  No matter what I tried, the video was annoyingly pixelated and this bothered both my client and me enough that we elected to quit the application and hold our meeting on another platform.
Very good!
Very easy to use, clear interface, well known.
I really and honestly can not find anything negative about this platform.
The product is not only intuitive and user-friendly it is extremely customisable and adaptable to the needs of any organisation interested in preparing online events or meetings
The platform does not have any substantial negative aspect, being a competitive alternative to other similar platforms in the market
I use it to connect with my fellow accountants to create our own side businesses. I also use it for group discussions
its really amazing i never knew such apps do exist in the world , i was jus told by my friend about it but i have the best ever. This all in one tool is perfect you can easily share your desktop, invite many people, create webinar, create simple meeting, interact on the same document and also easily share presentation. If like me you are searching for a perfect all in one webinar / meeting tool go for it !
Cons: The only cons I would have is that it might be tricky for some people, which are not familiar with the tool to give the ability for other participants to talk and activate their webcam. They have to go on the presenter video box and then click on the icons to activate their own mic and webcam.
Reviewer Source 
Source: Capterra
December 18, 2019
Verified Reviewer
Education Management, 11-50 employees
Used the software for: 6-12 months
Overall Rating
4/5
Show More Ratings
“Brilliant with a few teething issues”
Overall: We've been able to translate all of our face-to-face training into online training without any implementation costs, and made our overall delivery of training so much more efficient.The teaching tools the webinar rooms offers are great, and look very professional for the users. They are really good for the presenter too. I can now make simple meetings with my fellow accountants.thats really great
It is some what complicated for the first time.but otherwise great
Positive impressions after 2,5 years as an alternative to Zoom, Teams or Webex
Ease of use, modern look, events capacity and customization
Live Streaming events in Full HD, not 4K
ClickMeeting is a great option for webinars.  It is very user friends and easy to dial in.
This software performed as you would expect.  
I use this software on a weekly basis to have our online meetings. Normally 20 - 30 people attend each meeting and we share our screens and use our web cams and audio and everything works perfect. Sometimes we use pre-made presentations and that works good as well.
Very easy and user friendly interface. 
Despite its ease of use, they didn't sacrifice features, so you almost have all the abilities you expect from a virtual meeting software.
wen you are sharing video, it gives a very high quality; however it needs strong internet connection with great upload speed.
I usually have meetings with stakeholders, but since they have busy schedules, we sometimes need to do it over a video conference. I often hold the meetings with a group and other times it’s just a one-on-one session. I’m glad we have the video conference option because we can still see each other. I like to see the expressions on their faces to note that they approve and are happy with my proposed ideas. I truly rely on ClickMeeting which looks very sleek and professional. The program is user-friendly and not complicated. My meetings have always been productive when using this program.
If you plan to use ClickMeeting, make sure to have solid internet connection, otherwise it can get choppy. 
Although we have moved on to another software due to company reasons this will be greatly helpful for everyone looking for a quick fix meeting tool
I used this briefly to teach coworkers about a software. It was smooth to set up, I didn't have the time to move locations to do a face to face meeting but ClickMeeting facilitated my situated greatly. The best pro is that you can record the session for later sharing. 
On the receiver's end things might look a bit hectic on the interface but nothing that a bit of educating can't fix.That's what the platform is for
I am using it for Webinars (with 200+ participants from 70+ countries), as a virtual classroom with 15-20 participants and for one-to-one video conferencing. It is always working great.
It's GDPR compliant, programmed in Europe, very good set of features and fast customer service via Chat.
It's not as often used as Teams or Zoom, so some of the users are astonished about another platform they have not seen before. But they just need some minutes to be happy.
We have been using ClickMeeting for almost a year and we have never been regretting this decision. The platform works really well. It's worth recommending - great tool for organizing internat meetings and big video-conferences and webinars. The number of webinars we organize has increased. Moreover, ClickMeeting requires no installation and creating an online meeting itself is very simple.
-available in Polish
- easy to use (the admin panel is very clear)
- possibility to record the meetings/webinars
- meetings run smoothly even with a large number of participants
- quick access to helpdesk

So far it's really hard to find any disadvantages of ClickMeeting platform. It fulfills all our needs when it comes to organize internal meetings, video-conferences for numerous audience and webinars.  
-the connection has always been great, something I didnt't always experience when I followed a webinar from another platform. this means there are no distractions when I talk.
-it has all the functions I need: sends reminders, records automatically, saves the chat history..
-the customer service always helps me right away and in a super clear way, Im not a technical person so this is crucial for me :-)
Maybe I'd like an even clearer interface. sometimes I need to search a little to find a certain function.
ClickMeeting provides excellent media quality during sessions.

it is very easy to set up and navigation is a breeze with the interactive user interface.

Streaming across other platforms is a major addition to this software, especially YouTube.




I haven't experienced any issues with the platform.
ClickMeeting is a good webinar utility that allows you to create a live webinar and save the recording. It also has a realtime chat that you can moderate before other users see the messages, so you can avoid having explicit content from malicious viewers.
The whole tool is a bit old-fashioned and needs a newer version. The quality would also drop at times for no obvious reason.
Clickmeeting should be avoided. The product is very difficult to use, poor and awkward. it's not a good one compared to other options, but worse the company is dishonest. I signed up for the 'free trial' for 30 days, canceled within two, and they billed my credit card for an annual subscription and refused a refund!
