It has been a good experience
It is inexpensive and it has all the features I am looking for.
I have encountered a few bugs that diminished satisfaction of my experience.
I was looking for an affordable tool for my startup and Engagebay was my choice. 
EngageBay is a simple, affordable, all-in-one marketing automation platform. Helps in generating leads through lead generation forms, popups engage web visitors.   The tool has several advantages that work better than other  CRM  Engagebay is well suited for our small business which is developing rapidly. For about 3 months of using Engagebay, we are able to promote our startup through their Email Broadcast. Looking forward to utilise it more
Cons Nothing as of now should use it more to decide
We are using Engagebay for our 3 account managers and 3 pre-sales people to collaborate and track deals. it has streamline the tracking of opportunities and given us a way to centralise documentation so that order processing can be tracked and made very efficient. 
The ability to create custom fields that suit the unique approach of clients is excellent. The interface is intuitive and a number of sales people have commented that it is very easy to use and update deals. The support is excellent and fast. You get almost instant responses on chat. Also if you make a suggestion, they are quick to incorporate it if it has value. 
Having more detailed documentation would definitely help. However the almost always available chat and quick responses goes a long way to offset this. I would like to see the ability to be able to standardise dashboards across all users centrally as opposed to having to create them on each users instance. 
The customer service is very fast, management is quite easy
the steps could be faster, unfortunately the filters are not completely reliable
I am continuing to use it!
Does everything hubspot does, almost as good for a lot less
Little bit clunky at times, and not a lot of troubleshooting documentation for common problems
the intergration with my local business was very easy.
i think it's perfect and does not need any improvements
EngageBay works across multiple departments' needs, easy to train clients on and use internally. It also has so many more features and functionalities.
- Has an inbuilt calendar feature which means we don't have to integrate some third party scheduling tool.
- Has the ability to call and send SMS and disposition the call based on status. Which makes it easy to run 
   automatic campaigns.
- Has an amazing support and their engineering team is quick to fix issues we come across.
- They also have great integration with MailGun and Zapier.
- EngageBay has a really complex workflow and an outdated GUI interface.
- Limited triggers in Zapier which makes it difficult to automatically create / manage deals, companies, and 
   help desk tickets.
Helpdesk i like more.. We use that for all time to get the customer and users query
.. I like the software very much.. No part for least comment 
Software is very easy to figure out. I can say I master it in a day or two.
I would like to see more AI involved. Nowadays most decisions are based on AI anyway.
EngageBay provided us with a very affordable platform where we can manage our business within the Digital world. Starting from Marketing, sales, and support. It is a big help that we don't have to move from one tool to another to get things done in each level.
I like how fast the product is improving. It has great promise. I really regret not getting the LTD. it does not look so great back then. After seeing how much it improves and how much feature it has now I think paying for it on a monthly basis would be a good deal.  I can do everything I need on this platform. From attracting, capturing, nurturing through engagement, converting and even supporting leads.
There are certain features that are useful but lacks function. Like appointments. You can choose time range within the day but you cannot put gaps in the time range. In short, you cannot schedule breaks. I  think they will still be improving the function of each system.
great UX 
The email builder and drag and drop functionality was the ideal email market builder i enjoyed.
there are some features that is not needed for my business.
Fantastic product all round. Moving my other business from HubSpot to this in the next 3 months.
The product is so easy to setup, use and support is second to none. Pop a question in the chat and I think the longest I have waited for an answer is about 1 minute. 
nothing really, does what it says on the tin and just works really well. 
I am a photographer, I shoot real estate and my main source of potential customers are magazine ads from the properties for sale with the name and cell of the agent. Every time I see an ad in a magazine, a magnet on the side of a vehicle, or in the front of a house for sale I copy the cell/email info and send an introductory email/message to the potential client and create an action plan for follow up!
Granularity and adaptability! It can be adjusted to my workflow and not the other way! When workflow needs adjustment It can easily be done and adapted in order to take advantage of some of the many optional features. I love the automation, it is simply amazing!!!
The installation and setup can be better!
The unlimited contacts in CRM are really useful as we build the business. Sales enablement is great but the reporting could do with allowing the user more customisation.
While customer support is excellent there are no support documents, resources, or how-to videos.
For none technical business owners. I think this system is a good one since I can find my way by clicking around and I understand the data. I have to admit I do not do the actual marketing however I still like to be on top of my business and know where exactly are we. The system provides me much of the info I need by making it easy for me to understand.
I am an old lady that is running a small business even before the computer became mainstream. I do not operate the system myself. But, it is important for me to understand the information it is providing. It was really difficult for anyone to let me start using any tech. However, I can see how thinsg are being done now and I want my legacy to somehow live on even in the modern era. We use simple posting, sharing, basic email before. However, my daughter told me the business got so much potential and it is great to make use of the vintage touch and put it mainstream. They showed me other tools but they are so complicated. They showed me EngageBay - I do not know how to directly use some of the function. but, I understand the dashboard and I like looking at a data I can read. I am really thankful that they made this Digital tool easy to understand even with someone like me who lived through the analog times.
I do not know. I don't understand much of the tech. I do not really know what they need to improve on. However, my daughter said this could be nice if we can directly make ads for Facebook and google. I do not know what she meant exactly, but anything to help her better operate the system will make it better.
It is a very efficient and simple tool to use even for beginners. It has all the features that a mid size business or a startup will require. The chat support is best. 
Nothing so far.                                       
Amazing tool to help you track,promote and manage your leads. 
Simple and smooth. Easy to use and effective. 
None right now. But the limit of 100emails per day was a bit difficult to adjust to. Now that it's sorted I don't have any issues. 
Very intuitive and complete tool. The differentials are due to the automatic dialing system and the Sales Gamefication functionality, which encourages the sales team. The price is another differential.
The highlights are the automatic dialing functionality and the gamification system, which encourages the Sales team.
The presentation and customization of the reports could be simpler.
I like how convenient it is to use and help us in marketing. The CRM is simple and sophisticated and i love how automated it is.
We havent encountered any issues or challenges for now.
one platform for marketing, sales and support for affordable price with excellent customer service
Some missing features such as missing Google Meet, and location in calendar event, 
