We tried countless SaaS CRM tools, and most are stuck in the old ways of doing lots of data entry or remembering to BCC on every email you send.

Close.io is great because it lets sales people focus on leads and opportunities with _minimal_ workflow interruption.
- Integrated email
- Integrated calling
- Simple, powerful list building
- Easy API for integrations
- Zapier integration
- Needs a mobile app
- Should be able to make/receive calls on the mobile app
- Wish more 3rd party tools integrated directly with Close.io
Close has been great and their customer support is really awesome. 
Close is an easy way to keep track of leads and customers alike. We can set tasks, see who is calling, and have visibility to communication the client has had with other people in the company. 
I really don’t have many complaints. One tiny nitpicky thing: the icon in my tool bar continues to bounce even after someone else has answered a call. It can get confusing. 
Great Value for money.
The lead integration is seamless. Its extremely easy to use even by a traditional sales executive and also has a great customer support.
A separate contacts section can be built for qualified lead seggregation and dashboard can be made more visually easy to understand.
The best CRM tool I have used, loved the interface that is literally all in one, recorded calls to review of my teams sales calls. Texts emails etc.
None! Best CRM system I've used! Definitely recommend 
This CRM system contains everything that you need for the successful dealing with the leads, write comments, add all the information to the certain client. However, there is also the feature which realized not in every CRM and I am talking about reporting system. It does exist in some other CRM’s but as an addition, they are not paying as much attention to this function as needed unlike Closeio, their reporting really gives you all the important information regarding deals, calls and other important things in sales.
I personally would like to see the longer trial period of using the platform, a month would be enough to see and test everything that I needed instead of two weeks that they suggest, because of lacking knowledge about the system it was a risk to purchase it, however, eventually I was satisfied.
Have used everything – Salesforce, InfusionSoft, Pipedrive, Sugar, etc. At some level, they were all awesome, and at another level, all of them sucked at something important. After signing up for a free 14 day trial, I happily pulled out my credit card and signed on for $660/month for our (4) users after using it for just a few days. And we had just signed on for a competitive solution only 4 months earlier.

Now, after using Close.io for a couple of weeks, the positive impact on our business has been profound. Since all calls and emails go through the system, the reporting is real-time and automatic for salespeople. Our sales staff loves it, I love it, and as long as it keeps working the way it is, we expect to be customers for a long time. 

P.S. Responses from support are typically within the hour. So far, I'm very impressed.
Automated tracking, in-app calling, in-app email, bulk email, filtering, reporting, real-time dashboard. 
Higher cost per seat than some others (but obviously well worth it for me, and most others).
This is a simple, easy to use platform that manages leads and calls, making it easy to monitor with call recording/listening, as well. 
Easy to record calls as well as listen in on or join calls – can easily talk only to the customer service agent so the customer can't hear, as well. Calls are saved and appointments that are made/messages are easy to find and see.
There isn't a feature available (yet) to be able to schedule emails to go out, which would be helpful with appointment setting and lead management.
Close is very cool because setting up a personalized workflow & follow-up sequence got me focused on what I need to do next without wasting mental energy on figuring it all out anew every week.
I can search my database by notes I've made, or specific actions like calls on a certain date. And, then set up a workflow & follow-up sequence accordingly.
Setting up a personalized workflow & follow-up sequence takes a long time, but once it's done, it saves lots of time. The email marketing feature needs improvement.
Overall Close (close.io) was a great system for our high volume, low price software product. We recently switched from Close to Salesforce and It has been a very bumpy road that more than one department in our company has struggled with.

Looking back on our decision, I tend to look fondly on Close's simple and straightforward CRM capabilities.
Kept all communication and information for a given account/lead visible on one page. Made it very easy to navigate and get an idea of everything surrounding a given lead quickly.

- Perfect for high volume telesales
- Reporting and lead management was great
- Filtering lists made it easy
-Phone and text worked great
The way things were set up, it made it difficult to manage Parent Child orgs for our Enterprise department. Less ability for customization and integrations.

- We had a few problems with customer support/account manager getting back to us a few times. 
(Our account maxed out on calls and we needed to add more several times, but this took a while to flesh out and it completely shut our sales department down a couple times. This happened a few times and we wanted to set things up so it would have added time to our account before we ran out. This should have been addressed so it did not happen and never was.)
The program is fairly simple to use, contains a comfortable design and a wonderful build. In general, the positive feedback from our sales team, as employees say, in fact, that CRM is easy to use and allows them to call and send letters by e-mail quite quickly and simply. We have absolute access to everything, in fact, what happens in the trading process, we are more likely to contact customers sooner than ever, and be able to get an absolute overview of the sent letters, the number of calls made and much more.
Typically, the software is good, and all tools work without problems. Installation of this product is fairly easy and fast. Customer service is working pretty well. So I do not see any problems with this program and it's good.
We use close.io for our customer facing sales processes, started out with two sales agents and now scaled up to more than 40 while constantly adding features around close.io using their API. Close.io was easy to integrate into our processes for it is simple enough and yet let's you configure/adapt just as much as it makes sense in an early startup phase.
Very friendly and fast support team, good API, intuitive interface
Calling functionality is quite pricey in the long run
We started with a free trial (2 weeks) and recently upgraded to the professional edition. Most important to us was that we have a flexible CRM with a lot of Search Combinations where we can enter the different stages of our clients. Close.io is made for sales teams and their customer support is very responsive too.
- Good Customer Support
- API
- Fast Interface
- Lots of Sarch Option and Automatic Data Entry
- VOIP Phone integration
- No Mobile App yet
- Automatic Removal of Duplicates on Entry could be easier. (They are working on an improvement here)
I've compared two Sales CRM, SalesforceIQ and Close.io. Although salesforceiq makes it really easy to create opportunities I find it much easier to follow up on opportunities within close.io. 

Overall for the long run close.io 
Sending emails from within the close.io app is easy, following up on opportunities is also easy.  I my mind these are the most important tasks in a salesman day to day job. Information flow it ordered nicely within the opportunity. Overall great experience. 
I find the flexibility of customization a bit lacking. Would like to separate leads from accounts. And have a more visual view of opportunities funnel. 
Close did it very simply for me to cope with my entire daily task. This allows me to essentially do everything you need to work on the platform without leaving. I really like how easy this software is to use and what it's cloudy. You download the application to your desktop, and it just syncs with the cloud. In addition, the way Close.io organizes the leaders is simply the most intuitive that I've seen in any CRM.
Adding some parameters to drop-down lists is reserved only for administrators. I understand that this can be reasonable for large companies, but for us it's just troublesome. As for me, Close.io is built for specific types of sales, and this is not unnecessary.
Once you catch the vision for Close.io, it doubles your productivity in sales.
Close.io shines in two ways-- no data entry and the follow up system.
No data entry means that it's reading your emails and syncing the CRM with the activity. You can also call through their phone number and it logs your phone calls to the CRM.

Follow up system. Following up until you get a No is key to sales success. Close.io builds this in to the CRM so that you see who to follow up everyday and can jus work down the list.
I don't think of Close.io as having data integration with other services on a first class level. May be wrong, but that's my impression.
Close is not a bad CRM at all. It is a solid contender and helped me be more productive with its management and workflows. The only issue with it is that it ain't that easy to get used to when it comes to the customizations.
I like the automations, data, and insights it provides. Also, the task & Pipeline management are pretty solid.
Smartviews even tho it is one of the main features is not that easy to customize or get used to if this is your first CRM. There are better solutions that make this type of customization easier.
There are many functions that will be useful to any team. We like to use it every day. It's easy to keep track of how the whole team interacts with customers. With the help of calls, reminders, and tasks, our workflow has become better and more efficient than before. Also, Closeio has good customer support. Regularly conducted webinars in which a lot of interesting and useful information for both admins and sellers.
I do not really like that when changes occur in the program they are not always immediately visible, developers need to somehow focus users' attention on the fact that there have been changes (for example, they will be highlighted in red or write in messages where and what has been changed).
We will continue using Close as, in my team's opinion, it's the best option on the marketplace at the moment for online sales development.
Close is our no. 1 software used for selling our services. We use it on a daily basis and I can say that it's a great choice for accurate tracking of sales development, follow-ups, and client generation.
In our team, it took us a while to get used to Close and master this software, perhaps it could have been a little bit more user friendly.
The integrations and power of the tool. It gives you email, SMS and much more. I also like their courses. 
The UI could be somewhat improved and upgraded, but that's okay.
I think it can work wonders in large organizations where sales departments are bigger and more structured. I really like the tool.
Close.io is a machine for sales, it helps wish sales workflow and outbound. It is user-friendly and gives everyone some transparency of information - even people out of sales department can understand processes. 
It is really expensive, however, it is worth spending money for the features it offers.
