The interface is fairly minimal and easy to use for users who have less experience with this type of software. The card analyzer (where cards are designed) can be learned by most anybody.

Dataflow creation (whether MySQL or ETL) has a good layout and is easy to follow. Really easy to train users who have no experience with SQL how to make dataflows by using the ETL. 

There is a good collection of training materials online. They also have a good community for support online.
When running a dataflow the processing is not done on-prem, it is fully subject to Domo servers in the cloud.  Sometimes a dataflow that would normally take around 5 minutes will take an hour in order to run. We were told it wouldn't be a problem to run multiple dataflows at a time, but we've found that running two dataflows isn't that great in terms of speed and running any more than two at a time is just bad. 


Reporting trends and status is extremely important in real time. 
We can use it to get deep or surface data for our campaigns which is extremely important for marketing. 
Nothing. DOMO is great. Very glad the company makes this available to us. I feel like not much is bad.
Domo is known by its flexible array of data connection options. That means you can easily access the data you need to make decisions'regardless of whether you're a non-technical business user or a hardcore data analyst. Fully mobile-optimized, Domo won't cause issues when trying to pull off a report from your smart phone.
Domo is notoriously secretive about their pricing, but from what their potential customers have told us, Domo isn't interested in deals that are less than their particular amount. 
Having data pull in rapidly is essential for a fast-driving company. That is its greatest benefit. 
I like the option to create collections that gather only certain data. The ability to filter certain data and pull in a select number of products is a great advantage to using DOMO. 
It is SO slow. I understand that DOMO is a 'real-time' data analysis software, but it is extremely slow. It makes finding data last minute very stressful. 
It solves the problem of not being on the same page in terms of goals and progress. There are a lot of ways to look at our data that Domo allows us to do that we wouldn't have otherwise thought of. It makes sense of a lot of data for us!
Ease of implementation, and start up time. We were up and running in weeks, and on a platform that allows for easy collaboration and prototyping.
The dashboard is a set of tiles called cards that is not as great a some other dashboards that allow you to create a grid system. To get this style requires an app. Not all the connectors get the required data and manual data pulls are still required (Adwords being one of them, but they do have a nice script tutorial.
Great, our Analytics Team lives in DOMO and the output they provide is wonderful. Very customizeable and not too difficult to pick up if you have any familarity with similar program or even programs such as Excel. I am able to build my own reports as well, and am not a super-analytics user.
We operate multiple brands on multiple CRMs and softwares, DOMO allows us to pull all of our data into one place, customize the reporting we need and easily share it across our enterprise.
You are unable to set up reports to automatically email an employee who is not also a DOMO user. I understand why (so they can charge you more to bring that person into the platform), however some employees in no shape or form need to have a full blown user account. Would be nice to simply share a read only PDF of the reports.
I like how there is a ton of things you can do with the product. You can make ETLs, use SQL to change information, make perceptions, from there, the sky is the limit. It resembles a swiss armed force blade with information, it can do nearly anything. I additionally like how there are numerous ways it allows you to do exactly the same thing, which permits you to find anything you feel generally OK with and do it that way.
DOMO is expensive contrasted with other BI instruments, particularly when you need to have separate client represents every client and don't divide accounts between clients. Other than that Domo worked currently the majority of the cons that I had to start with.
I have a lot of experience using business intelligence software to visual complex datasets to my clients and this product does not compare to its competitors.  I will not be using this software anytime soon.
I honestly do not have many postive things to say about this product.  I tested this product on a trial basis recently to see if it was a viable solution to replace our dependency on tableau, but it did not live up to my expectations.  The one thing I do like about this product vs. tableau is that it is much cheaper.
In comparison to tableau, the user interface is lacking.  Tableau is all about not interrupting developers "flow" as they  craft their data visualization. Domo, on the other hand, is clunky and not user friendly.  It's unclear to me how they differentiate themselves from tableau...
I really enjoy using DOMO and we have clients that love it. We also get frustrated when Data is correct for a time then tends to stop updating properly or something goes awry. 
It seems like the functionality and data representation is limitless. The visualizations are great and clients love to see their data this way.
I'd love for the integration connectors to be more fleshed out. We are trying to use the Pinterest connector and don't seem to be able to get the data we need from our Pinterest shopping campaigns. Sometimes when we use the Google Analytics connector data is off/incorrect so we'd love for the connectors to be more consistent. When DOMO works it's great but I do feel like things go wrong quite often and we often have to correct the data in DOMO and can't rely on it. It may be the way we are connecting the information but that's got to be solved somehow.
It has been great and my team and I really enjoy working with it!
Domo truly does make organizing date and applications so much easier and I have had a very positive experience with it. 
I think that the communication and customer service aspect of Domo could use a little improvement but nothing too bad to complain about. 
Customize and share function make it easy to use/share within the organization.
Training / support function will sure improve the usage of the data.
Overall, i really appreciate the continued release of new tools within domo, fusion, R and Python within ETLs have both been incredibly useful for data cleaning and merging. 
The best part of DOMO is giving people in the company from C-level personnel to hourly workers visibility on company data without needing to know how to use SQL or know which databases hold their data.
Sometimes I'll develop a dataset, card, or dashboard & it just won't be viewed by our internal customers. :(
Analysis of our top donors and distribution of grants using these funds over a period of time have been very insightful and critical to determine how our funds are allocated. 
DOMO Cards and graphics provide quick accessibility for the user and team projects. Very user friendly to learn and create your own displays and graphs to share  with internal and external clients. Various chart types and easy integration with current business processes were definitely a plus in navigating the software and completing projects on time or sooner than expected with great results. Readily available on the desktop, laptop and mobile with all of the great features intact.


N/A.  A plus would be to include animation with the data in the Data Cards. For example, instead of a simple stacked bar chart graph and line graph overlay on the same DOMO card, reveal the pieces of the stacked bar chart, discuss with audience and then slowly integrate the line graph up to current year with extension of future years added to the same DOMO Card.
I am the Domo champion at my institution. We have not used a formal BI tool before Domo, so it is difficult to compare it to other platforms. What I do know is that Domo is an excellent way to marry disparate data sources into a single graphical or tabular output. My executives love the simplicity and my board and customers love the graphical output. We use them for internal reporting on a large display, customer presentations, board reports, and daily executive reporting. Recommended.
Functionality, simplicity
Price
Love it!
It can do everything you need! If you feel that there is no way to pull your data into it, then you’re wrong! It has so many ways to connect it is incredible. Also the Mobil app is the best I see! It’s also has the quickest response to its customers about any issues.
It’s pricey. But you’ll pay the cost if you recognize the power behind it. With how much data you can get from it and get it LIVE tooo, is incredible. Fork up the change for it, invest in using it for ALL your data and you won’t regreet it.
I hate to write a review where I gush about an app because the cynic in all of us is "suspect of that."  But honestly this a 100% independent, I-am-just-a-fan kind of review! So there's my disclaimer, here's the review:

Domo is the kind of app that closeted left-brain geeks masquerading as creative right-brain types LOVE to find!

Data is at the heart of showcasing almost anything one might do online these days.  And Domo is the app to help you truly "showcase" the numbers, without needing to write a gazillion lines of code in the process.

As a creative marketer with a strong tech bent, I spend countless hours trying to visually show my clients what's what (clients who are rarely numbers savvy, yet always want to see "the numbers").  Domo has proven to be my "go to" place for accomplishing just that.  The visualization capabilities are staggering.  The ease of incorporating data sources into the platform is ridiculously simple (well, ok, not *ridiculously* simple, but simple enough that I think if you have any interest in data or numbers you could absolutely rock the platform).

Domo is as simple as connecting your data and building a "card" - sort of a mini-dashboard.  I use it to create easy to read reports on Analytics and Social for my clients.  They love it!

The only limit you may find in the Domo universe is the price point - while basic functions are free and come with a generous 100gb of space, may be a deal breaker for many consultants (as they only offer this as an annual payment option).  If Domo would offer a pay by the month option, they would be golden!

Finally, there's Domo for Developers (beta) that allows you to customize just about everything you can think of!  What's not to love in that??

The free version comes with 80 data connection options and they offer a trial period (to expand to all 400 data connection options) so give it a whirl, you might like what you find!
All in one, comprehensive data visualization platform that makes my clients happy!  The free features are good enough to give anyone a decent jumpstart on data analysis.
The pricing structure could be more flexible to allow for independent consultants to utilize the platform with greater ease (and ease SMBs owners into the value of the platform).
Overall we really like what DOMO allows to do, and are excited to see what we will be able to do as you continue to develop.  

We look forward to a long partnership with DOMO and hope to build out more "Brag Time" stories about what DOMO has allowed us to unlock and do with data.
We appreciate the ease of creating a clear narrative through data on DOMO.  The functionality that has developed over the past year and will continue coming this year are greatly needed enhancements.  

We like that DOMO matches with our goal to deliver our teams a unique "Front Page" to their own personal WallStreet Journal, regardless of if they are an executive or a site level manager.  DOMO has also helped us connect and create a commonality around data by providing high level down to item level detail to allow users to answer up and down to their core metrics.

We also really like the new functionality behind alerts and hope to see that area continue to develop more for datasets and cards.  The more streamlined process to setup alerts the better.  In an ideal world, our executives could go to "create an alert" not associated to any direct card/dataset and type in a few fields to populate alerts directly that then can connect to a dataset or card based on the information they entered.

Example:
Group: Retail
Focus: Net Sales
Alert: +/- 5% to budget
While we are big believers and users of DOMO, there are some areas that cause headaches and heartburn.

- Differences in experiences between platforms web/apple mobile/android mobile... updates between the different platforms are not synced up so making sure we can educate our users in advance of a change is challenging.  Also, Android seems to have many more bugs than any other platform

- Mobile card filters are very clunky.  We are excited to see them, but they function much differently than the web experience.  On the web side, selecting one of these card filters layers on as a page filter, but is not automatically saved to the page... whereas when on the mobile app, when you select one of the filters, it covers most of the screen and has a save button which makes the user think they need to click yes to see the content, when in fact they could scroll down without saving.  This causes users to click save and not realize they have saved a page filter and have issues knowing its there and how to remove it.

- Beta:  We LOVE beta, but having customers be responsible for testing beta features without a beta instance is an unfair challenge.  Some of the betas directly impact our general users' experience for better or worse.  While we are happy to pull things over into production after getting to test them, its a tough ask to only have your production instance available for testing and providing feedback for beta features.
Testing to see if this will submit because it didn't submit earlier.  Jcychychgcnbcbncdhgchgchgcghchgchgchg
It helps enormously with data analysis, profitability analysis and predictive analysis. It is a very good investment and we advise extending to its full version. Accelerates the productivity of its users. In general, we are very happy with the cloud-based BI solution. Our staff of professionals recommends it to other companies.d
Reports can be exported to a custom PowerPoint presentation with a click of the button and distributed to the company.
The function of buzz messenger allows our company to communicate quickly if there are problems with the reports. It has a very good predictive analysis. It has a very efficient data visualization tool. Process large volumes of information. It helps to correctly track compliance.
The most important negative aspect of Domo is that not all the functions we wanted to test are available in the introductory software version. It does not have some functions for the statistical control of processes. We have experienced faults with data cleaning. You need to improve the speed of performance metrics sometimes this option is somewhat slow.
