Squarespace, Inc. is an American website building and hosting company which is based in New York City, USA. It provides software as a service for website building and hosting, and allows users to use pre-built website templates and drag-and-drop elements to create and modify webpages.
1. There are many templates offered that are ready for publication.
Squarespace allows you to upload your own design if you prefer. Their primary appeal, however, lies in the fact that there is a rather large selection of templates available for use that will make your site look professional in no time at all.

2. Most Squarespace templates rely on photography.
This makes it very easy to give your template a customized makeover. Just switch out the stock photographs in the template with your own and you’ll have an impressive site. The coding is such that most templates will keep your colorization, typography, and responsiveness aligned even with the photography switch.

3. The backend design is easy to use.
If you’re familiar with WordPress, Blogger, or a similar platform, then you’re ready to use Squarespace. The admin section is built in such a way where navigation is easy to figure out, even if you’ve never used the builder before. Every builder has a learning curve to it, but just about anyone can figure out Squarespace in just a few minutes.

4. It’s an all-in-one platform.
You don’t have to worry about plugins, widgets, or apps when you use this builder. Everything is built into this builder. Even your website analytics are included with the overall platform. That means there are fewer issues with troubleshooting a site because something added to it has suddenly become incompatible with a recent update.

5. Squarespace is offered in a bundled approach.
When Squarespace 
1. There is no phone support.
With Squarespace, there really isn’t a way to receive immediate support if there is an issue you need to troubleshoot. The chat mechanism is pretty efficient, but it is not as fast as a conversation can be if there’s a simple question you need to have answered.

2. Pricing is more expensive with Squarespace.
If you want Squarespace to bill you on a month-to-month basis, then it’s $26 per month for your site. Their plans are also limited to a single website and lower-tier plans may even cap the number of pages or products you’re allowed to have. Paying the annual fee upfront drops the cost to $18 per month. Personal sites are as low as $12 per month.

3. There is an overall lack of advanced marketing tools.
People don’t just show up to your website because you’ve published it. They need to know about it. Squarespace gives you all of the basics for marketing, including the all-important share buttons, but the advanced tools are lacking at best. You do have URL redirect options, but SEO is pretty lacking and limited to basic meta structure. There is virtually no A/B testing at all.

4. There is no support for third-party apps, plugins, or extensions.
This makes it difficult for beginners to customize their sites. If you hang out around Squarespace for long enough, you’ll be able to pick out who is using this builder. Any features which do get rolled out for this builder must be rolled out by Squarespace, which means you have less control over your f
I'm making a free e-learning platform with Squarespace and it has been exceptional. I tried different platforms but for those that are less tech-savvy tends to have a high learning curve.

As an entrepreneur, I work on a budget and analyzing many website builders, Squarespace makes give the most value for money that I could think of. 

I think it took me three days to lunch a full SEO optimized website, with one free course.
The main perk when using Squarespace is that it's super easy to set up and customize. Once you have chosen a template, you're ready to begin. Pricing starts at $12 but it gives you more than enough to create a strong community from the beginning.

Also, thanks to the interface, it is really hard for newbies to mess up the esthetics - which can save a lot of headaches in the short and long run.

One featured I've been exploiting is the all-in-one integration. E-Mail campaigns can be automated and design on the platform and the store has a beautiful and clean design ready to insert your products, with options to create discounts, offers and more.
Here's a paradox. Looking to make it easy to use and by helping you keed the esthetics of your site, Squarespace has restrictions on the changes you can make - at least from its interface.

You can Always enable Developer Mode and you can inject code features if you have the skills.

The other con, at least for me, is that there's no subscription featured integrated into the platform. So to be able to run a subscription website - like for selling courses - you will rely on 3rd party software. 
I've used Sqaurespace as my website host for the entire life of my business so far.  Nothing else has shown to be more affordable and easy to use.
I can't really think of anything.  It really is great.
I was intimidated at the idea of setting up a website after only ever blogging for years on another platform. I was happy to find that this setup was simple and super customizable for my branding, font, look, and everything else I needed. People have often commented on how much they like the look of my site.
I like how clean the site looks. It has an updated, open look that takes current trends and styles into account. So many sites are identifiable by their overall look, and I feel Squarespace allows for a lot of individuality.
I don't really have any cons. I don't use every aspect of the site, like selling directly from it, but the one or two times I've run into glitches, the customer service has been amazingly helpful and fast.
It's really good for sites that need to have a uniform look to them as the templates make sure you don't deviate from the core design.
It's somewhat restrictive when it comes to analytics tools and SEO features due to its fairly limited add-on selection.
What i love about Squarespace is that it has lots of features and how you can customize anything you want while creating your website.
What square space needs to improve is that the website interface, for new users can sometimes be complicated.
Easy to use with plenty of template choices.
I found no issues with the software. It works well.
I recommend Squarespace to people who probably don't have the aptitude and / or bandwidth to build a Wordpress site.
Squarespace is for the user who needs to build a website without any experience beforehand.
It's a CMS that costs more and has less features.
Our experience with Sqaurespace has been very good. 
Running a Photography company, we need to show off our products and services with a quality website. We were easily able to design our own website to fit our need with little to no hiccups. We love using the mobile app, which allows us to edit and make posts while on the go. The templates provided are of high quality and just what we were looking for. 
Squarespace does not autosave, so you do need to remember to save as you go.  But, you will be prompted to do so. 
Overall I really would like to suggest Squarespace to any  to create Website. It's really makes you easy to build a website
It is really easy to develop website, blog  as a being Web-Developer and selling my services as Freelancer I really appreciate the Feature theme that they provide us. I specialy  suggest for having blog and e-commerce site. 
It's  very difficult to migrate your site to a website and from a website. And it's little bit very hard to work by a mobile phone. 
Great product for websites and a smaller ecommerce store.
Was a little hard to setup and get used to, but easy once you've done it a bit.
We use squarespace for the website for our church and it works really well. 
Ease of use. The infinite amount of options. Squarespace makes building a website a simple and joyful task. 
As with anything, it still takes someone who knows what they are doing to get to most benefit out of using a product and this one is included. You can build something simple pretty easy but if you need a robust website then you will need some help with this. 
Squarespace makes it very easy to create a website and have it hosted for you with minimal effort
There are alternatives that may be cheaper and create similar things but other than that Squarespace provides a great service.
Easy to use on a web app open access to different audience , and accomidation .
Needs more tutorials on how to sustain a bigger objective .
Squarespace has helped me to grow my business without the hassle of endless hours of tweaking and customizing website designs.
Squarespace is very easy to setup, use and manage. I love that updates don’t require constant tending and managing like Wordpress does. The templates are clean and allow you to focus your attention on the content and clean design. The new Squarespace app is such a huge time saver and allows users to manage their websites and blog posts without having to be at a desktop.
The new Squarespace app is a bit buggy and occasionally says I don’t have internet connection, even when I do.
THEY WERE THE FIRST IN THE FIELD WITH THEIR PRODUCT AND STILL THE BEST
NONE WHATSOEVER  EASY TO USE AND QUICK ACCESS
Love this site to build and host simple websites, so easy to use and make professional looking products
There are some limitations to the templates they provide and if you are not a developer it can be hard to update
Squarespace is a website builder tool that is aimed mainly at small business owners and ‘solopreneurs.’

Founded in 2004 as a solution to let people without web development skills build and manage their own website, Squarespace now powers millions of websites worldwide.

Although it initially started life as a tool for building static, brochure-style websites, Squarespace has evolved over recent years into a platform that now offers built-in ecommerce and marketing features
From most site builders, I expect relatively good speed test results. Squarespace didn’t really disappoint, although I was a little surprised that the rating wasn’t higher than what I got. For Webpagespeed test, there was a slight underperformance in terms of Time to First Byte (TTFB), but other than that, all the right boxes were checked.
With a choice of 67 templates, it is likely that you’ll be able to find something or other that you like. Once you’ve chosen that it can be customized to your heart’s content. Normally, 67 choices aren’t outstanding. However, I have found that there is a depth to the choices that Squarespace offers.

 

The secret is to look past the initial design and towards the layout of the template. What Squarespace is offering is a massive combination of various segmented layouts for you to customize. They have almost everything, form the vertical scrolling single-page formats to massive multi-block options.

Once you get used to the building block concept, you will come to realise that setting up your website is just a matter of fitting these blocks together. Want to embed a video? No problem – just drop in a video block. If it’s not where you want it to be, just drag it around till it goes somewhere you like.

 

Take for example the two layout options I’m showing below. To rearrange the blocks only takes a second, and it’s not limited to just these two positions either. You can drag them 4 to a row, or any other formation, if it looks great to you!
Squarespace can have a learning curve.

Occasionally you’ll have to discover the “Squarespace way” of doing something. It’s opinionated software.

That being said: you’ll be fine with Squarespace if you’re comfortable in Microsoft Word or Google Docs.
Squarespace pricing is high: When you compare Squarespace plans to some of the competitors in the market, they can seem very high. There are free plans available from Wix and Weebly for instance, and you can’t get that kind of low-cost personal plan from Squarespace.
Can perform slowly: Squarespace’s loading times can sometimes be quite slow according to some reviewers. This is a real problem when you need people to move through your shopping cart quickly, particularly on mobile devices.
Limited payment options: Speaking of moving people through your shopping cart, there aren’t a lot of payment options available from Squarespace. If you’re a blogger looking to make money, or an ecommerce site owner, then you’ll need to stick with Stripe only.
Can be difficult to navigate: Website building needs to be as simple as possible for beginners. Although Squarespace makes a good effort to ensure that you’re not too overwhelmed, you’re likely to feel a little confused by the process as a squarespace user to begin with.
Restrictive templates: Although Squarespace will make sure that your website looks great with excellent squarespace templates, it can feel a little restrictive to build using content blocks. You can’t have complete control 
Good and easy way to setup a site. I used this to setup clients & friends up with websites that they just wanted something simple up and would be making changes. It was easy to give them access and show them how to make edits, etc.
Easy to use, setup your site and get going. You don't need to know how to code but you can pick a template and get going.
Not as customizable as you would with Wordpress, but that's not necessarily the point. You want something to get up quickly and easily. If you are fine with working with limited customization templates, Squarespace is the best.
I was blown away by the content I was able to build in under a day. If you're a newbie or if you just want to create a neat looking presence for your organization without too much work, you'll love Squarespace. Also, using Squarespace for the first time, I faced some problems when trying to move the content to another domain: their support helped me out in no time.
Well first, the fact that Keanu Reeves advertises this makes me like it. Secondly, Squarespace is literally the easiest tool for building websites and landing pages I could think of: if you measure the effort against the quality of the results, you'll be amazed. 
The ease of use, however, comes with certain restrictions to what is actually possible. Yes, Squarespace offers neat transitions and effects: there's plenty of themes to choose from and customize, but if you compare it to actual CMSs that can do the same without requiring you to have a design-degree or spectacular coding-skills, it kind of loses its charm.
