I can set up a proper budget for livestock and crops and see if the various parts of the farm is making money and on which part we need to make changes.
Easy and everything is visible in one glance.  You know exactly where you stand with your finances.
I would love it if you were able to add annual and sick leave as well as absent days in the payslip to keep track.
manager is a multi software, where you can build your business with its feature.
Easy to use, flexibility, you can open more than one business in same program, features, customer service, regular improvement.
Inventory management, POS, payroll, subaccount report
Software is very easy to use, also its has all the future that I need
Hope i future application to be provided using SQL database
Manager has been very easy to use and making business transaction very easy. You can easily customise it to a language and currency being used in your country to suit your business. You can also work offline meaning that you are not affected with internet capabilities.
As a small consulting business with a vast accounting setup than most small businesses, other accounting software do not do what I need. Manager is different though. It does everything I need including configuration for clients, and unlimited number of different business accounts. The features are great and customizable which makes setting up simple and effective. And it keeps updating constantly.
There is nothing that we can point out at this point in time although Credit/debit note and tracking can be improved also as for generating an invoice, client must be added first which needs to be improved.
You can without much of a stretch modify it to a language being utilized in your nation to suit your business.
I loved everything about the product it's easy to use, it has all the options in the palm of your hands, you can do everything with this product.
The making of own reports is just conceivable by means of sending out information to a bookkeeping page.
I use it to invoice and track payments for both my business, also my rental property and also my community organisation. What makes even the free Desktop version amazing is that you can run multiple businesses and that it is instant to change from one to the other. When I think of something for the other business - just one click and I am there and another to get back to what I was doing - most software of this kind requires - saving, closing and or multiple clicks to do the same things. 
It is hard to overlook that it is Free (and fully featured), but what does it most for me is the support - no matter what kind of question you have - if you ask and don't get an immediate answer by one of the forum members (active users of the software) the Software Author will provide the solution or method. It has awesome tutorials in video and printed formats - so when you wonder how to achieve something - there is a link at the bottom of the page take you directly to a context relevant area.
Manager can be used for all manner of industries and is highly configurable - not something I have seen very often (regardless of price) - It has way more power and functionality than I will ever use - but that does not make it more complex than a simpler program.
There are many smaller conveniences that don't seem as ground breaking but you really appreciate them when you need them or want them - one is awesome security and runs on Linux (and here is the amazing little feature) it can and suggests you keep your data on Dropbox or similar - so when your software (OS)or computer dies, everything is in multiple places and is synced with out any special actions on your part. The data files are really small - and the software flies - never have to wait for any processes. 
That it is not commonly listed in current Linux repos for some attractive Linux software - e.g. Solus - I will only choose a Linux distro if it supports Manager natively - it is the only and most important application in my life. 
Easy to use 
good tools
no need any expert
Add some tools & features to be completed.
I'm using it all of my accounting works.It's really nice and help for me.
I'm using this software more than 1 year.It's help for my accounting process. It's really nice software all other softwares.
In my poit of view it hasn't any least terms.
I have a small engineering related service business, I barely know anything about accounting, but this software makes it really easy to understand and keep track of the financial situation of my business at any moment.  I can generate and track Invoices, quotes, bank statements; everything combined in a simple way.  Very customizable.   The way to input transactions is really intuitive for a non-accounting person.  Free version is fully functional.
Easy to use accounting software for someone that doesn' t know much about accounting.   And best of all, the free version is fully functional.
From my point of view, it's excellent.  
I AM HAPPY THAT I KNOW MY STOCK, MY ASSETS MY Liabilities , MY PROFITABLITY I GIVE FULL MARKS TO THIS SOFTWARE AND GIVE THANKS TO MANEGER SOFTWARE TEAM. THANK YOU
IT IS VERY EASY TO HANDLE I AM USING THIS SOFTWARE FOR LAST 1 1/2 YEARS AND I AM VERY HAPPY TO USE THIS SOFTWARE
ONLY ONE NOT ABLE TO UPDATE THE OPENING BALANCE OF Inventory Items
As a manufacturing firm, this software caters to all my needs, from production orders to inventory management to taxation. 
A very simple and user friendly software. With a very good team of moderators who help out on all issues where users are stuck, be it small or complicated. 
The coding to create different templates and custom reports is something that can be improved and I understand is under development to make it more user friendly.
This software has made a huge contribution to make my business very successful and easy. Its easy-to-use interface allows even a novice employee to learn quickly. Highly customizable. A number of businesses can be included. The price is very low compared to other software on the market. There is also a free software package for small businesses. And also this software is available for macOS, Linux, and Windows
The free software here does not have the ability to set passwords for each business.
great
Easy to use and we need more updates and videos for training
Invoicing easy to use of this sofware and also we need videos for training 
Best ever offered legitimately within the segment of accounting till 2020
The cost which is inexpensive, the user forum with timely responsive updates and the best part is the variants available for all types of clients for testing the software. Regardless when compared with other ERP like tally available in the market the software hooks off the complex data entry system for journal making it simple by introducing direct entry methods from reciepts and payments , interaccount transfers, payslips etc which is more relaxing than the others as of our expierience. Easy to understand for any user who has basic accounting knowledge.
The only small catch for the software is the template designs for the any kind of vouchers receipts or invoices need knowledge about html coding and liquid language to customise the output of them.
easy very good to use i like this kind of easy work
easy
jamil asy very good to use i like this kind of easy work
seem to be getting worse every year 
used to be simple now getting very complicated to use
constant changes of system with out any advance warning also some change do not work for my bussines or i would believe many bussines out there
Overall it is useful to keep accounts of small bizs with Manager as it offers the flexible tools to maintain Bank books, Cash Books, Issue Invoices, Keep track of the Unpaid ones, get the useful statement of accounts - in a word almost all the need that a small biz accountant to fulfill.
1. The compact approach to almost all the principle need of accounting.
2. The presentation of the Forms & Reports
3. Easy to install & Configure
Myself using the version 19.2.68
1. Small Bizs do not always have Pro to handle accounts. So guides need to be a little bit more friendly to the Non-Commerce background users  e.g. The Ledger Creations i.e. which ledger can be created under which head, which entry goes to which ledger etc.
2. Custom Reports do not showing all fields of the selected Table e.g.  can not select Amount , CGST, SGST from Sales Invoice. 
البرنامج يشمل مميزات كثيرة ومنها سهولة الاستخدام 

عدم وجود فرع لكم في المملكة العربية السعودية ولذلك لدعم الفني
Amazing. Have already recommended to two more companies.
Simple to understand and easy to use. Self-explanatory and can be used by those who are not accountants, like myself.
Nothing as all the features are good. Multiuser and desktop version combined could be amazing.
I have been able to prepare pay slips and done a proper tax record keeping and reports for tax returns and management decisions.

I have also been able to do proper bookkeeping on MOST of my business financial transactions and processes.
It is easy to learn it's usage and it has a simple user interface and approach to book keeping.
The fact that there are still some vital improvements to be done to the software.
