10/10. Great team over there
The team really helps out a lot when you get started. Once you are trained in you get to know the product really fast.
Not many cons really. Just took some time figuring the software out like any new product training.
What I like most about Mobiniti is the simplicity of it. As well as the straight forward analytics and results of your efforts. 
What I do not like about the software is that Images are shown as links in the text messages, it would be nice if the images just showed. 
im new to this, so okay, but definitely has some issues to figure out when it comes to logging the verifying data. 
getting people to sign up for product giveaways so that we can then send them discounts later form that signup list.
you ask for  zipcode as a means to verify and then i can not actually find that data, which is counterproductive to the added data question. 
We are using Mobiniti to add another layer of communication with our customers as well as using the platform to market to potential new customers through various types of mediums such as print, venue signage, and promotional video.
The best part about Mobiniti is the amount of features. We vetted many SMS platforms all only offering a portion of the functionality that Mobiniti does. The tracking is great, the ability to manage customer accounts, set up rewards and coupons works perfectly.
The only bumps we have run into was the ability to use any keywords (as shortcodes are shared) and the strategy behind using a shortcode vs. long code and choosing which is best for the particular application. I would say neither is the fault of Mobiniti.
Solid product, good support.  Features are basic and reliable. 
Would love to have 24/7 support.  Limit customer service hours are  a challenge in our retail business. 
Mobiniti was quick to onboard us and their customer service is amazing. They are available nearly any time of the day and even on the weekends. Our account manager [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] has been top notch.
Ease of use, robust platform, and great customer service
We have had very few problems so far.  A couple outages, but they were fixed very quickly
It's simple and easy to send SMS. And it's also easy to add new contacts.
I don't like that it limits the amount of characters to use. Wish you didn't have to use up characters as part of a link; wish that could be in a separate field.
It has a long number that you can use instead of short number 
It’s not the most easy layout on the website and app doesn’t work 
Super easy to implement and schedule a campaign
There could be more tools and there is no easy to use mobile app
Ease of use,
Customers can text a short code & not a whole number.
Database of information on your clients
Easy to promote
Very inexpensive!
Limited characters per message at one time.

Mobiniti is a great asset in our marketing mix. We use text messaging as another avenue to stay in touch with our customers, and Mobiniti allows us to do this cost-effectively and with a number of time-saving, user-friendly options. I have used other texting services, and the Mobiniti platform is more robust and offers a tremendous value compared to those. 
Mobiniti is easy to use, but when I have a question or need some type of assistance, I really appreciate that help is just a phone call away. Our account executive rep, is always quick to help when needed. Plus the customer support team is quick to respond when I have a special project that requires their assistance for implementation. 
Their filters occasionally catch manufacturer names, but they are always quick to resolve the issue. 
Instant connection with our customers regarding sales and promotions. A must have for any online retailer. 
There cost per msg and the speed in which it is delivered is the best that I've experienced. The service of our rep is great, and blows the other text services we've used out of the water. 
I wish that there were more analytics regarding those receiving the texts. I have a feeling that their hands are tied with this however. 
We have had a relationship that has definitely had it's growing pains, but Mobiniti adapted and met us where we needed them most. Our company has some tricky technical requirements and Mobiniti was the only company that was willing to give us a try. These people are rockstars. We recently had an issue with the coupon feature (FYI this is not the norm for them) and after giving them a call, the team quickly troubleshot the platform and had everything running smoothly in no time. [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] at Mobiniti is the best and is dedicated to helping out his customers. 5-stars for Mobiniti's guest services via [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]. 
At the start of our relationship we had some miscommunications, but nothing that couldn't be resolved. Overall, Mobiniti is a great company that is dedicated to their customers.
Great connection tool for easy updates.
I love being able to send real time events/updates to my teams and students at multiple sites--immediately to their eyes and fingertips (to access links), all at the same time! The 'schedule' feature allows me to schedule events now that need to go out later...yaass! & The Mobiniti support teams patiently answer questions, quickly and efficiently--and as often as I ask them (very frequently!) I also really appreciate how they've helped me troubleshoot and bring solution to all the challenges I experienced. Super Dope!!
I didn't prefer that I was unable to edit my events once Mobiniti has reviewed them. Upon request, however, they gave me permissions to edit my campaigns at will.

Once I save a campaign, if I've done something incorrectly, the system tells me something is off. It fails, however, to highlight the text box, etc in error. As such, I have to play around with text boxes to figure out where I went wrong.

I wish Drip Messages had a character count as does the message update text box

I wish, on the the initial sign up prompt, contacts had to insert their names as well whatever other one piece of info we choose them to insert (ex: Name, Email Address)

I've run into several system kinks. Bright side? Mobiniti's customer service is on point! A troubleshooting help in my time of need!
We are now able to stay connected with clients that are often more difficult to reach through traditional methods.
The product is easy to use and automation of campaigns have allowed us to stay better connected with our consumers.
The dashboard isn't as fast to respond and often seem to be waiting after clicking.  
The initial overall experience I've received so far has been outstanding...beyond pleased. I feel confident that I am working with someone that will assist me when I am feeling overwhelmed or have maybe forgotten a step or two. I'm looking forward to working with this company for my business needs.
I am brand new so I haven't begun messing with all of it yet, however, what [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] has shown me so far, seemed to be pretty simple. I just have to get into it and get myself all the way comfortable with navigating through the system. I think it's going to be fun doing the things that I've learned so far. Plus, my business is brand new so I am in no rush, which also means, I won't get frustrated so easily cause I can take my time.
I don't have any complaints as of yet, and hopefully, I won't, but I promise to provide feedback if I do.
[SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] were always there when I needed help or assistance. They were committed to helping me learn how to utilize the software to best fit the marketing needs of my business.
Ease of use and functionality. I really liked the fact that they were constantly updating features to make my life easier.
Since I Liked Everything about the Product and service the only thing I can say that I honestly disliked were the Purple Pretzels that came in the gift basket they mailed me for the Holidays.
It has been a Godsend for us. We are gaining relevance in an industry that is severely lacking companies that offer services like this. 
The ease at which we can reach our new clients. It makes engaging B to B or Knee to Knee exponentially more effective. 
It is difficult to audit who is in our database. I would like to be able to mass delete contacts exactly like we can upload them. 
Has all of the components needed for a retailer.
The platform does not work that well on mobile.
It has been easy to use and QUICK to get the message out on the fly. 
Customer Support and easy to set up a campaign and the coupon delivery on APPLE/GOOGLE Wallets is a nice feature! 
You can't save a draft while creating a coupon to go back and change a campaign. 


