software is quite simple to use. I've used different CRMs, payment processors, and website tools in the past. It's incredibly easy to use! Built-in automation, payment processor and nutrition tools are amazing.
what I liked the most and ease of use bringing menas headache, and more results
The only part of the software that I think could be improved would be the social media tools. I think it's almost easier to log in and post on different social media accounts.
Rich in information, giving you many details and ability to measure the performance.
Very little benefit. The software is there but the effectiveness of their services is non existent.  No real return on your marketing investment.
While they have a good platform their strategy doesn't work. They lock you into a contract and generate very few viable leads. We spent 9, 3 60 with them over 4 months and got 2 actual real leads out of all their combined marketing effort.
You get locked into a contract and even if they don't perform  you have to keep paying them even if they don't deliver any results. 
They were horrible to work with.  They neglected my account and almost never reached out to me, they only responded when I was wondering what they were doing with my money and when I complained about not seeing anything happen.  They nickel and dime you for every little thing on your website, all set up costs thousands and takes MONTHS or longer to be up and running.  They switched my contact and account manager several times, many new ones blaming the previous one for the fact that I had nothing to show for the thousands of dollars I had invested.  If you try to cancel they have a rule that you have to give them so much notice and they will still charge you for 30 or 60 days.  
They ran a few ads that got me NO leads, it felt like they didn't know anything about key word research or running ads.  They charge you a ton saying they are setting up SEO stuff on your site but I never saw any leads. Everything about them just felt like a huge waste of money and time and energy and it was all SO FRUSTRATING.  
It seemed all inclusive.  They were willing to help you try and figure it out.  
There was WAY more features than I needed.  I didn't need 1/10th of them when I started, but it doesn't matter, you still pay their full flat rate fee even if you don't use much of it.  Even if you don't use ANY of it, they still charge you that fee which is steep for SAHMs.  
):): not Happy): not Happy): not Happy): not Happy): not Happy): not Happy
): not Happy): not Happy): not Happy): not Happy): not Happy): not Happy): not Happy): not Happy
):not Happy): not ): not Happy): not H)): not Happy): not Happy): not Happy: not Happy): not Happy): not Happy): not Happy): not Happy): not Happy): not Happy): not Happy: not Happyappy
Our website looks great and is very user friendly.  We hear from many new clients that they found us on Google. Support team is very quick to respond and executes our requests quickly.
Some design changes are made without our knowledge but are easily changed if desired.
The software may offer the option to view the number of followers we have on our social networks. The option to check the history of our business can be more clear and orderly compared to how it is at the moment.
Marketing 360 performs a search, evaluation and distribution of potential customers. It contains drip campaigns as well as auto responders and efficient list management for all contacts, along with the option to save your information on the marketing platform. A marketing consultant is active in organizing the metrics of the business. Depending on the client's activity, the program will automatically respond in one way or another.
It requires a lot of learning time for those who have not used marketing software like this. Payment and invoicing methods are limited, in this modality there should be more options available. In some functions the dashboard does not show the name of the tool you are looking for.
Our marketing executive, [SENSITIVE CONTENT], was absolutely wonderful to work with. She was responsive to emails and phone calls and was quick to make changes. She had excellent suggestions on ways to grow our business and she checked in to make sure that progress was being made. I found it most beneficial to schedule monthly zoom calls with her to stay appraised of each month's goals.
The Marketing 360 software is very user friendly. I primarily used the email and social media marketing, but I also was able to edit the webpage when needed. I felt like it was easy to do the tasks that I needed to do.
I don't like the calendar feature that much for social media marketing. I feel like it was difficult to see what was posted that day, and sometimes I would accidentally double post due to the calendar feature.
I WOULD DROP A BOMB IN THEIR OFFICE 
NOTHING,  WORST MARKETING COMPAN EVER, THEY TAKE YOUR MONEY, MAKE MANY PROMISES BUT DONT DO ANYTHING 
EVERYTHING FROM CUSTOMER SERVICE TO SOFTWARE IS BAD
It allowed our small business to begin to capture and create a CRM system to ensure we could create profiles and key data on our customers, contacts and prospects
The system was relatively easy to use and navigate.  It allowed me to capture the data I needed in an organized way. 
Would like to have a better follow-up /alert system built in for reminders.  With sales follow up and being able to stay connected with your customers and prospects is critical.  It would be helpful to have more functionality to allow for setting up reminders that could then integrate to standard calendar formats.
Marketing360 has been great for SEO for my company.  The customer service is great and the results speak for themselves!  I highly recommend them for marketing small businesses.
Very detailed data on a wide variety of metrics.
It can be a bit overwhelming at first.  Maybe a more user-friendly interface should be considered.
The Marketing 360 team is professional, effective, and are experts with creating messaging that generates qualified traffic and leads to our website.   Thanks Marketing 360!
ok 
I think that the only thing we liked about this was that i look good in paper as what they offer 
Software was very difficult to work with 
I love the team! Great people to work with and they have been a big help when it comes to creating our website and social media post. 
The software can use some work but I like the Marketing 360 team they are very helpful, and there when you need something. 
As far as the Marketing Campaigns I have to be really careful to whom I send them to because there is a limit. It's difficult to access certain things I want to use just very confusing for someone who doesn't really know. Also when I get payments on the website it doesn't notify me and it doesn't reflect onto my CRM. 

We have really appreciated that this software is an all-in-one solution. We are able to manage most aspects of our online presence, advertising, and CRM in one place.
The software could be a bit more user friendly and intuitive, but our account manager has worked with us to make sure we understand the tools available.
This was the worst that has ever happened to me. A comparison to something would be much too graphic...
None whatsoever. It's basically a scam. 
While the software itself is almost usable, the company behind it is a bunch of scammers. They have no idea what they're doing, no idea how marketing works. One thing they're really good at is charging you upfront and then making that money disappear god knows where.
I just found it very useful to manage my marketing campaigns
The ease of use above all and it focuses on providing accurate data feedback so campaigns can be targeted towards the correct demographics. I look forward to using it more in the coming months and beyond.
I can't think of any so far, but I will keep on using the software and hold off on the cons until that time.
I like that anytime I call the same person on the other line is always Katie. She knows my business and is helping my business grow. I have only been with marketing 360 for about 3 months heading in to my 4th month. I am just starting to pick up some momentum and it feel great!. I love that when Katie is not available whom ever answers the phone is able to familiarize themselves with my business by looking JCN Hair Artistry up in there computer. While Katie is my go to lady. I also feel comfortable leaving a message and she gets back to me with the quickness. Super happy thus far. If thinks keep growing as they are my business will likely stay with marketing 360.
It took a bit longer to start than I expected but I think that was just me being ignorant to how long these things take.
This program has been a lifesaver for my business. It makes marketing our brand so easy.
I dislike the lag in the speed at times but other than that, it is perfect.
We have been with 3 different SEO/Web Optimization companies in the past 4 years and I can tell you with absolute confidence that Madwire is the BEST out there. Our Account Rep, Julian, is outstanding and we literally feel like he is one of our employees (for a fraction of the cost of course, shhh!). These guys and ladies are the OPPOSITE of hands-off, and the communications I receive from their team are often and effective...almost daily. In fact, usually I am the one holding things up as they wait on deliverables from us. Julian and his team are constantly looking for ways to optimize our budget and drive more (and better) traffic to our website. Yes, we had to increase our initial budget with them by 4-5X within 6 months of signing a contract (as they helped us set a realistic budget to meet our overall revenue goals), but it's all for a good cause. After all, if as a business owner you are seeing an exponential ROI, you would be crazy not to increase your budget, right? Unless you don't want to grow your business. And again, I feel like every dollar we spend is being put to good use with Madwire. I can't say enough good things about them.

Our future looks bright now that we finally found an online partner who actually cares about us as a customer and one who is partnering with us to grow our business indefinitely.
We have the best online support for a fraction of the cost of hiring someone ourselves.
It isn't free.
