The account was easy to setup, as was the agent installation. This was made possible with clear and concise documentation. Also appreciate the flexibility of the reports, and last but least the great support offered even if we're using it within the free license limit. 
At times I found the organization of the reports and categories a little cumbersome, by my own logic and other software used in the past, but this might be down just to personal preference.
Overview of  Internet access /use
It's easy to setup - good overview of different categories when monitoring,  screen shots even live, super
At the moment i do not get any benifits from this software myself. I use this for some of my clients if they need to track employees. Well I do get paid to do the setup, so I guess i do get something out of this after all!
It is easy to setup and easy to use. It shows all the necessary information and more! I've even set this up for other clients that have very little computer knowledge or experience and they had no problems getting around the user friendly interface.
What is there not to like about this software! It works and it gets the job done!
The only thing i can say that might need some work is deleting screenshots. Please provide an option to delete a specific range and not just an option to delete all data.
Pleasant 
Activity monitoring and relative ease of deployment and administration
Inablility to distingish between applicatons being used versus just being open  
Productivity is always hard to measure, but this software makes it easy to see what programs or websites are consuming or distracting from our work goals.   I don't like to use it as a spy tool.  I prefer to use it to troubleshoot areas for improvement.  Or use the screenshots to see when an error or crash occurs to see the events that lead up to the software fail.   This is a GREAT troubleshooter option, see what the station saw.    Love that it can be accessed from remote seamlessly.  
The easy interface and how easy it is to code applications and website as productive or non-productive.  It gives a GREAT picture of the productivity of the workstations.  I like that it can block websites as well with one caveat (see cons).   I will say this blocker is 100% effective, where websites blocked by the router can be accessed using an alternate method.  The Screenshots are helpful, not as a spy tool, but in determining errors when one of our programs is having trouble, we can see the error screen the operator saw through the screenshots.  Great troubleshooting.  Screenshots also let me assist the operator when I am in a remote location, I can see what they are asking and assist quicker than actually remoting into the workstation for minor questions.  EVERY INTERACTION WITH THIS PROVIDER HAS BEEN MORE THAN EXCELLENT, and they are eager to help and take suggestions and criticism to assist or improve their already great product.  You are not alone after you download or purchase.     Another good feature is on the workstation the program runs in the background and is completely invisible to workstation, it doesn't slow the system down, nor cause the workstation any troubles.  
When you block a website, it is always blocked.  I would like to release the block during non-business hours.  For instance, if my employees want to check their emails, Facebook,  I have no problem with them doing this before work, after work or during lunch.   I did load my work hours into the system, but tech support said right now it an "always" block.   I don't want to have to come in and turn the blocks  on and off manually.   Other than that, this is the best program I have found.   
Easy to learn, nice interface, cloud based solutions, setup is straight forward and easy, complete reports, definition of categories for the internet usage is really nice. Picture of the desktop with interval is very usefull.
Expensive, a 30 day free basic licence should be offered, a lot of email by default are sent when you start and most of time there's no unsubscribe link.
It is a good software
The live reports makes it simpler to access agency owners.
I have no say, all that I tried worked out well.
peace of mind about progress of my employees.
Recent screen shots help get overview at a glance about what your employees doing.
One can monitor from anywhere or on the go.
website blocking is very easy and its very difficult for employees to track whats going on their system.
For home users its free to monitor 3 computers with enough data
Price is bit high as compared to other solutions.
Also paying annually is also a paid and they don't offer monthly payment options
Easy installation &  integration and use. 
All the options could be better arranged in order to be easier to use. 
Overall looking into implementing it within our agency. It tracks and shoots daily activity as indicated. Easy to run reports and easy to create settings for new ones. 
Easy to use and navigate. Simple layout so can quickly learn way around it. Most accurate in information and reports than other applications.
Pulls up a completely history from several past years verses whats recent. 
Great customer support
Ease of use, cost, great user interface and easy to set up
none that i can see, should be easier way to install to all clients
Information was always collected flawlessly. I absolutely love the screenshot feature! The time stamps are accurate as well.
There would sometimes seem to be an issue with the live stream feature which made it laggy or non existent for viewing.
bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla 
It is very user friendly.
Easy to install
Easy to use.
The customer service is awesome.
I did not have to go through a manual to get to know this product.
One of your consultants contact me to know if I am happy and getting on well with the program so it is a Pro that customer service is so good.

I am a very happy customer.
Accountability and motivation for employees not to surf the web to kill time.
I can view each individual link that has been visited.  Most software doesn't offer this.  It also provides a convenient pie chart for easy sorting.
It is a lot to look through.  I wish there was a section where you could look through suspicious websites instead of them all in a list.
Screenshots and videos with timestamps make it very easy to use. Being able to categorize software and programs under productive and not is very helpful. Overall, the experience of not having to use any local servers for this and having it all cloud based makes for a very streamlined experience for our managers.
The ability to uninstall the software should be available from the cloud, not from having to get on the local workstation and remove it there. That makes it a bit harder to be subtle when investigating employee behavior.
State of the art user interface, easy to remember process flows, Great customer service when required. 
improvement required to install this software remotely. Price is bit high compared to other softwares
Quick deployment. Great dashboard. Runs without user being aware. Data options useful. Long term data analysis looks good too.
Will run until AVG or Windows Defender finds it on the host computer, help from team has been great, but it has proved difficult to get a stable install on the target's computer.
Easy to install. Overall a good product.
Activtrak in my opinion is focused on making money in the short term and not on customer service or developing customer relationships. Due to the Covid-19 I had to unfortunately let go of four out of twelve employees (its been a tough week). I contacted Activtraks customer service given it has been a only week since I signed up with them and asked if they could prorate the 4 unused accounts. They responded that “Thank you for the note. After reviewing the account, we will not be able to refund the account. Should you have any questions or concerns, please let us know. Cheers!” Over the long run they will make less money because after my one-year subscription ends I will now obviously use one of their competitors. Loyalty works both ways. As a product I would give it a four out of five starts given it is buggy at times but overall is easy to install and a good product. Loss of two points due to greed.
ActiveTrack is a wonderful monitoring software
Easy to use for employees monitoring and easy to install, hidden
data storage is too low, annual payments, i like one time payment
