1. I like the variety of functionalities of Stata, it has a wide range of selections and I can use it for multiple purposes.
2. Overall quality is really good, Stata does not exit out or freeze like other statistical softwares such are SAS.
1. Given the wide range of functionality, I can see that sometimes mastering all the features could be difficult. I sometimes have to go for additional resources to learn how to compute certain things I need.
2. I hope Stata could develop more connections with other applications such as SAS. Sometimes I find transferring data between the two applications could be complicated.
Stata is my favorite statiscal program to use, I would highly suggest this program for beginners.
Stata is the third statistical analysis software that I have used. It is really great for simple and complex problem solving. Depending on the size of the dataset everything I have done has processed fairly quickly. The help menu is amazing, there are always packages you can download if there is something you need to do that is not already included in the software. The coding is easy to learn, it’s very intuitive. 
If you are running a multiple imputation then the software takes a very long time to run on a PC. Usually to get the imputation to run you would need a computer with an extremely fast processor. Also, I find it easier to use with a PC versus a Mac.
I used STATA for a few tasks when it seemed like a simpler option than SPSS or R. Overall it is reliable and fast. The cost may prevent some users from starting with this program rather than a different, cheaper, option.
Easy to learn.
Easy to use for basic analysis within epidemiology.
This software is relatively expensive compared with some other products on the market.
Not widely used within government organizations or the charity sector.
I can do sophisticated analyses. The online documentation is excellent - it makes learning new features / methods easy. 
There is a pretty steep learning curve. I feel proficient - but its taken me several years. The graphics features are mediocre.
My overall experience is very good!
Stata is sufficiently easy to use and has a lot of features that allow you to fully analyze your data. The deployment of use is very good and the reports you can create are impressively intuitive. Moreover, the support is great: being a very famous software, you can benefit from the support included in the product and from the tons of users! 
Honestly I can't find cons. Maybe, the only downside is that it could become obsolete very soon, especially because of the presence of more complex and free softwares like R.
I used to use Stata regularly in my last job and it was very useful to find effective results and make graphics. 
The commands arelogical, easy to understand. Once you  understand it, and use every command correctly, it is very effective and fast have results.

It is only possible to write one command at time. Of course, you can have a text window, but  you have to be very organise.
There's an easy to use UI for those not yet familiar with the syntax for the different commands
The console shows the codes used by the point and click options allowing you to recreate the command without having to click around anymore
There are a lot of complex analysis and options available to the user
You can load one dataset at a time which is limiting when you have to refer or compare more than 1 dataset
The syntax feels slightly outdated
Some econometric models and techniques are easier to perform on this platform
Cannot handle large datasets, open multiple datasets
As an economist, STATA was always my go to software for cross-sectional and panel data. The commands are straightforward to execute and STATA supports most functions that one would use for econometric analysis. However, in more recent times, I have switched over to R as my software of choice, since R is free and has a more extensive library of functions.
Basically, I need it ofr my work. Otherwise, all the maths, all the graphs, etc. would have to be done by hand, and that would be impossible given the quantity of data we use.
The amount of different things it can do. It is super professional and allows me to do almost anything related to statistics.  From graphs to all types of mathematic operations, this program saves a lot of time.
It has some minor bugs and, besides, you need to take your time before you learn how to use it properly since it has a lot of commands.
Fast, accurate, and easy-to-use software that helps mitigate statistical blunders by providing in-app help system and complete data management facilities.
The graphical user interface of the software is one of the most intuitive one we've used so far. It provides a point-and-click strategy and we are amazed how it can adapt to various users. Menus and dialogs in-app were also easy-to-use, specifying configurations prior to data analysis. Efficiency through complex processes are easily achieved through advanced GUI components. Documentation of analyses is also a huge plus.
So far, we have been using it for almost a year, and it is our favorite statistical tool yet. Analyses have been smooth, and no issues by far.
My overall experience was great and I hope to see improved stata.
I have been using Stata for Panel data. It works like a charm, very easy to remember the code, and they have an amazing set of literature. 
I wish i could use it for time series as efficiently as panel data. I would also like them to provide more space in the student version. 
STATA is easily one of the most feasible statistical programs I have ever used. When it comes to analysis, this program comes to mind. 
At times the data quality control can be a little difficult to maneuver around but this should not deter from the experience. 
Stata has a very great and supportive community of users that help new users find the needed resources and tools to learn very quickly. Compared to other purely statistical software, Stata is also relatively easier to learn and get used to. The interface is also much more friendly than alternatives. Once we began performing more advanced data analysis on our survey data, making the move from Excel was a bit more challenging in the early days, but now that I have gotten used to it,  I absolutely love it.
Stata's inbuilt help feature is one of the most profound and useful tools it has. It allows me to quickly look up any new function or command and know exactly how it should be executed accurately within the software. I also love that newer versions are able to work with outputs of the older versions without any difficulty.
Stata is a bit more pricy than alternative products on the market. And the enterprise subscription pricing can be very tricky to understand.
Stata is a very user-friendly yet versatile tool to analyze large data sets. The software boasts many advanced functionalities and the .do file approach allows it to code the analysis independent of the data
At the beginning, the programming interface might look intimidating but very soon you will see that it is indeed easy to learn
Although it is not the software that I normally use, especially due to the deficiencies in its graphical presentation of results, I use it frequently to compare the results it produces, against the results obtained with other software, both commercial and self-developed. This has allowed me, in many cases, to validate the results obtained.

Price, that although it is not cheap, if it is competitive with respect to other softwares of similar characteristics.
It allows me ample freedom to customize the way of presenting the results obtained, which in general is not the best.
The after-sales service is good, with regular updates and an excellent help section.

Talking with my students, the cost is accessible to people like me, but it is not for the average student, especially when the licenses must be renewed periodically.
If there is something to criticize the program is the way of presenting the data, where there is a lot of improvement field, since the outputs produced by default are of limited quality and presentation, especially if you want to enter a publication.
The error code messages are not very useful in order to solve the error.

There are some things that Stata does extremely well - the statistics and econometrics in particular. And it does these things reliably and fast, with a good support network. If you're willing to pay for it, performance is even better - using up to 64 cores. But for more general purpose statistical work, R is not only free, but better (even though it is more buggy).
This is statistical programming software that is excellent for canned econometric procedures. Reliable and fast, with a huge library of procedures built in, and an even bigger user-contributed library. Online support through the statalist forum is also amazing. It also has a matrix programming language (Mata). The graphics capabilities are also easy to use and very high quality. Has a lot of related features like heatmaps, producing production-quality regression tables, etc.
This software is expensive. You're paying for something that is reliable, tried and true, with a great support network. But there are other free options, such as R. Furthermore, while this is excellent for canned statistical and econometric procedures, the programming language itself is not anywhere near as developed as something like R. For example, work with text etc is out of the picture. It is quite un-intuitive for someone coming with a programming background, and has weird quirks - such as only being able to keep on dataset in memory at a time. These issues mean that achieving what could be achieved in 3 lines of code in another language, might take 100s in Stata.
In my field, Stata is like the common language so it's pretty much a fixed choice. The best thing about Stata is its user communities: I was almost always able to find answers to all of my econometrics questions on Statalist.
Stata is not the best for data preparation and data cleaning. I have a multi-core version and yet sometimes it still struggles with large datasets. It might just be my personal preferences, but I also don't use Stata that much for data visualization, for which I think there are better tools.
I like to use Stata to produce data analysis and when you want to keep a log of all the steps you do to produce such data analysis
Stata is another statistical software that can be used for analysis when doing research papers and analysis for research at your work. It is used especially for large data handling and for research including surveys. I have used Stata both at my office as well as a student and it is great for handling large data files. When you are trained to use Stata it is very convenient to use. For instance, stata requires a lot of shortcuts and codes to be able to conduct the right tests. These shortcuts enable you to find the tests and data needed and it produces fast results when the right shortcuts and codes are used. It also keeps a log of all the codes used to produce given tests.
Stata even though it can handle large data files, it is not very user friendly. If you are familiar with the workings of stata it can be very easy to use, however when you are unfamiliar with the ins and outs of how it works it can take up a lot of time for you to work with the data in the software. If you do not put it the right prompt in the codes you will produce a lot of errors coming up in your log and it can be very frustrating.
Stata has proven to be capable of performing 99 percent of the tasks I require of a statistics program, and it does it swiftly, efficiently, and with little effort on my side. The majority of the problems I've encountered with Stata have been caused by users and can be swiftly resolved by consulting Stata's rich documentation or its thriving Stata discussion group. However, because it is mostly command-driven rather than menu-driven, it was initially frightening. When trying to bring in employees who haven't used Stata previously, this poses a minor problem.
Stata is an econometric software that is very simple and user friendly due to the presence of some in-built commands that integrate the various tests associated with the various analysis methods to be performed. As a result of its ability to integrate various theoretical econometric specifications in the social and human sciences, it is a powerful tool for the analysis of time series and panel data. It also has a visually appealing and well-designed interface.
I note as a limitation that, while this software is 95% efficient for econometric analyses, there is still a need for improvement in terms of the design of professional extraction commands for the results of the analyses, as specified in certain standards of presentation of regression tables for certain major scientific journals in the social sciences, arts, engineering, medicine, etc. There is also a need for review and update of the visualization interface of the software, especially as it concerns pie charts, bar charts, etc. Most importantly, there is equally a need to establish an in-built command in all the statistical models embedded therein and eliminate all forms of coding before estimation that constitute problems especially for new users of STATA software.
