Easy to process and set up what is needed for billing
Less intuitive than other options and some advanced customization beyond the scope of average user
Very easy to set up and a suite of powerful features.
Less advanced features than some subscription management platforms, but then much much lower costs too.
I would say I am very satisfied so far and glad that we switched to stripe! Making integrations from online payment forms is also a great feature that I love. I have and would keep recommending this platform to other business owners who want peace of mind in terms of keeping track on their revenue! 
I really like how organized it is! From the dashboard to pulling up individual clients' profiles. History checking is great too making sure we don't miss any payments made whether they went through or got declined. Updating subscription with proration charge calculation is also very helpful -- one feature we didn't have from our previous vendor. 
I would say I am have not tried adding a note to a specific charge or transaction-- it would have been nice to have this feature added in the future as it will be easier to back track why a certain amount was charged if there's an inconsistency with the regular pricing. This would really make a difference rather than going back and forth with our CRM to check for notes. 
I like that for the most part, I don't have any issues with processing payments.
No ability to issue partial refunds is a bit frustrating at times.
I used stripe to handle a high volume of daily subscription charges and could not be happier with my experience!
Stripe is the most reliable subscription billing service in the game.  If you have lots of subscriptions that you need charged / processed, then make sure to use stripe because they will make your processes simple, customized, and most importantly secure
I do wish that, if and when a credit card does not process through because of human error entering info wrong, all the card would not disappear.   This is likely a security measure, however would make the user experience better.
Stripe is a fantastic online-only credit card processor with reasonable processing rates and little hidden fees. Businesses with developers that can create a custom online e-commerce experience would benefit from the free and straightforward API. Businesses with limited technological resources will be forced to pay extra for an e-commerce solution.
Stripe is very straight forward when it comes to making online payments. Stripe charges a flat fee for accepting online credit card payments.  The company has excellent developer tools, predictable flat-rate pricing, advanced reporting tools, integrates properly with Xero accounting software. excellent marketplace tools, exceptional subscription tools, multi-currency support and its ideal for international merchants. Stripe offers secure transactions, easy to use reporting features and consistent service.
It’s UI could be improved. There isn't a clear breakdown of fees when it comes to volume discounts. There is no automatic tax assistance. This is the most important one for us. Stripe allows you to define tax rates for customers that need to process complex tax scenarios like collecting VAT or GST, but your software team must build out the infrastructure to support appropriate collection. In the future, I hope Stripe improves its built-in tax support.
Stripe Billing is the best way to start receiving payments from your customers via online. It does have a powerful dashboard full of features, a great customer service to guide you through any circumstance you need help with. The payouts are consistent, and I find them to be the best alternative in the market after trying different providers. 
Powerful invoicing system
Recurring Payments capabilities
Great graphical dashboard
Top-notch customer support

The fees might be any lower than they are. 2.9% plus $0.3 plus 0.5% per recurring payments, increase the prices considerable, without counting on the federal taxes. 
Stripe Billing was easy to use overall, simple enough to deploy, and has a wonderful support portal and team to solve any other issues you have!
I used Stripe to manage Saas recurring billing with a few unique models, and it handled each of them after some integration work. It is a very product/business friendly tool that makes it easy to spin up new SKUs/products, discount dynamically, and analyze your sales. Stripe also integrates masterfully well with other reporting tools. I appreciated the work they put into automatically handling security and authentication as well, as it eased the burden on development.
Stripe can be hard to implement without at least some domain expertise on the team, and if your model is non-traditional. Doing things like highwater billing or multi-SKU billing on software utilization (seats vs. instances) can be a real challenge, and require coding on your side to roll up the right numbers. However, these are edge cases, and the core product works exactly as described.
Stripe is easy to use and set-up in a variety of apps. I can easily intergrade Stripe on registration form or event. 
Unless you pay for a plan, customers can register but can bypass payment; leaving the accounting to follow up with individuals who did not have a Stripe account to collet another form of payment.
Good, but could be much better and easier.
It's so essential to so many online businesses and does so many detailed things. I love that I can essentially use it for free and only get charged when a client makes a payment. I love that recurring billings, products and subscriptions can be created easily. I also love that I can see the whole past history of any customer.
It still needs to be simplified to be understood by a non-developer. There are fees that are not too transparent or still confusing as I have customers all over the world and have to pay differing charges. Overall, it doesn't make me confident at all to use Stripe Billing  as a stand-alone tool for all my invoicing, billing and subscription needs.
It's easy to set up and integrates with just about everything.
It's hard to find specific transactions and payments in their User Interface. Filtering and searching are abysmal.
Easy to use, critical to my cashflow
Easily manages my memebrship direct debits.  Can also use for events and retail sales
Would like feature to debit Australian bank accounts - BSB and Account rather than only credit cards
Excellent product. 
This is a Very easy to use and user friendly. It keeps client information confidential. If it’s berry affordable and a fair price. 
It would great if it were slightly quickly with depositing money into the business account. It typically takes 3 days or 4 if it’s over the weekend. 
It's straight forward and simple to use and recommended to all.

I like how versatile and flexible it is compared to other platforms. Very simple to implement on your website and the documentation is really clear and complete. Testing on this platform is also very easy and is very helpful towards development and testing.

Calling up historical data could be difficult because it limited the # of users. It was difficult to have fellow employees work on projects with historical data because of this. Everything was essentially in one silo so to speak.

Stripe has the best customer service that I've encountered with billing software and that's saying a lot. Overall, I would recommend Stripe as a payment and billing processor for your small or large business.
The customer service for Stripe Billing is top tier. If you have issues with clients who may try to dispute a service that you have proof that they received, Stripe goes above and beyond to make sure no false disputes are approved. 
They could stand to be less expensive and to make the interface a bit more user-friendly. If you're familiar with any accounting software this may be easier for you. If not, you'll need some serious help.
Overall this product is a breeze to use! I get email notifications all the time if there is activity and I get payouts quickly and efficiently. 
I use this product for the squarespace website and it's so easy to use! It gives me all my sales information and it's very clear when I'll get paid out.  
Only downside is they take a transaction fee however it's really not that much so it's no big deal.  Great asset for my website 
Awesome experience, and use it as much as I can when I can! 
Very easy and simple to use interface. Easy to navigate and get a read on your business transactions. 
Wish the software I use now would incorporate a stripe option! 
Great!
What I like about this product was the set up,
This product is difficult to understand at first it took me a week to get the hang of it.
We use Stripe billing everyday to process payments, and handle disputes.
One thing I do not like about this program is when it comes to our disputes. If we are to lose a dispute, we do not receive information as too why. It would be extremely helpful and beneficial to our company if we knew that information for future disputes etc.
It's easy to set up products, coupons, pretty much all the choices I need to make my clients experience easy & simple
Wish they had an app, that would make my job easier to collect my money from one place only.
