It helps me a lot with my college videos.
I think it is great; therefore, I put 5 stars, hoping and wishing that it really can deserve it as per Adobe's information.
No test tool. Does not recognize the microphone of the phone, need to use headset. Unstable connection even with Net 100mb and being next to the router. Attachments take too long to display and does not cache them. Other people's cameras do not display correctly. 
Using Adobe Connect, it’s easy for me to hold conferences, as well as broadcast video in HD quality. The program is easy to customize the appearance of virtual rooms to increase their interactivity.
The support service does not always give answers quickly, which is why I have to solve some errors on my own using the Internet. The platform does not have a private chat.
Compared to other platforms like Microsoft Teams I still prefer Connect. But I think that if they don't make some improvements that they will be left behind quickly.
Has some very good features and customization. 
The editing. It is not very good and taking something offline is very cumbersome. 
I think it's a great product although it does have its problems
Great for meeting as it is easy to use. Lots of great features available 
A lot more cheaper options available which makes this software less appealing especially to those wanting to not overspend. 
Overall, it is a very useful tool to have for virtual presentations, education, for online meetings, webinars even training. Very professional.
you can share your screen. Capability of having multiple hosts for a meeting. I liked breakout rooms, also liked the room layouts which have a lot of options.
A lot of money to spend for a small company. 
"Call me" feature could be great. 
confusing muting options. 
Better quality for audio and video is expected.
It was very helpful in my certificate courses. A prime software for online education
It is very easy to use and almost hassle-free. File or slide sharing is very convenient and you can save the broadcast if you want.
When switching to video sharing, the transitions occasionally can be abrupt. It appears that the screen is fluttering. No additional features compared to other software.
Using Adobe Connect makes it much easier for me to hold meetings, share files, and use live chat in one place. In it, I easily record meetings and keep in touch with remotely working colleagues.
The program has too many functions that I have not yet used. At first, I and most of my colleagues had to spend a lot of time studying it.
We use Adobe Connect to run webinars of 10-50 people. We are able to set up multiple meeting rooms and set those meeting rooms for different audiences. It is very useful to be able to upload meeting slides and presentations ahead of time. We also have full control over the layout of the meeting rooms. 

Adobe Connect offers good recording capability and decent reporting.
Adobe Connect looks old. While you can customize parts of the experience, a lot of it looks dated.

The reporting for polls can get a little wonky - sometimes you have the same poll on more than one layout within a meeting and Adobe will report that as two separate polls - even though it's listed as the same on in their system!

Uploaded PowerPoint slides look a bit odd in Adobe Connect. Every time I upload a PPT, at least one slide looks off. This could be anything from a font issue to a layout issue.
From a custom experience to a personalized layout, Adobe Connect is it. With experience driven learning and the ability to go beyond the screen by managing emails through active engagement, Adobe Connect is there for you. You can even customize Adobe Connect to your smart phone! You can join a free Connect webinar to see how Adobe Connect will work for you! You have all the continued support of a great product!
I always start off with the fact you can begin a free trial to see if the product, Adobe Connect will work for you! There's also support services to help guide you in your search for the right product for your business needs!
During my use of Adobe Connect, I have been able to create information and general presentations, online training materials and web conferencing. It is a very user-friendly software. It has met all of my business needs and requirements.
It is convenient for group conferences when individuals are in different parts of the world
Sometimes I experience difficulty accessing the various functions. Not the most user-friendly.
I really like the app, it is possible to arrange an online conference or a remote interview. If you do not want to waste your work time, I recommend using this product. We have not regretted.
There is no reason to find fault with anything, everything is thought out, set up and works well. With its functions, the application copes perfectly. If there are minor flaws, they pale in comparison with its merits.
Adobe Connect provides an opportunity to easily and comfortably hold conferences from a distance. It allows you to broadcast a video. Properly tuned tuning increases the efficiency of use.
To share a screen, you need to install a special extension. In Adobe Connect, it's difficult to manage the mailbox and events. There are problems when downloading presentations.
I like that it has a multiple web-cam views. I can also easily send myself a copy of the chat, which goes to the registered admin of the room. 
We encounter a problem with its new release feature. It has taken a long time to get video recordings to be converted into MP4, which now can be done.
Our office overall experience has been a great one, we are already seeing benefits from using this product
The best thing about this software is that I can't always be at my office being a Judge so if my clerk needs me to look at something or go over something all she has to do is send it over and i can have an answer to her in minutes...Also the ease of using this product is great
This product has made our office work easier so there really isn't anything that we dislike about the software
Generally speaking Adobe Connect, once you figure out all the techniques, it's pretty easy to use
Relatively simple to use. Allows stable use of audio and visual communication with large groups. The layout feature makes the transition between different topics smoother. Downloadable apps allow for the potential for personalization. The recording and answering function facilitates the dissemination of information. Mobile apps allow for more diverse applications. Break rooms are an excellent tool for learning in small groups.
A big area for improvement is the mobile app. The Adobe Connect mobile app consistently has connectivity issues, which I've experienced over both a Wi-Fi and cellular connection.
I really like the fact that before creating a video call, Adobe Connect checks all the necessary settings on its own, and it is possible to connect an unlimited number of users.
The disadvantage is the constant need to update the flash player, so I don’t like it that this takes place a few minutes before an important video conference.
Easy to use and meets my needs and can further improve the app.
Hangs a little, but nothing prevents its use, the company could fix this.
Adobe Connect is a much cleaner and more professional alternative to video conferencing programs such as Skype. I've been very pleased with it every time I've had to use it.
There is a bit of a learning curve when you are moving from a program like Skype that may take some time to get used to.
It offers great recourses which really help presentations 
The problem is that the program shuts down very often and many users cannot connect their cameras
