Easy to use. There was nothing I disliked about this product. I would recommend it.
There was nothing I disliked about this product. I would recommend it.
It feels like this software was built by HR employees who have struggled with managers being consistently unprepared for performance reviews. The interface makes it very easy to set up ongoing goals for employees and for the managers to actively manage performance on an on going basis. 
The lack of a "save" button seemed to bother some people, but everyone eventually got used to the interface. 
Right from the start, the support has been fantastic.  Any questions we had prior to implementation were quickly addressed.  Since going live, the support has stayed top notch.
Easy to understand and versatile enough to adapt to our company's unique needs.
Easilyiojesdjnj access bhcjznx jhfsijd\ ujhfis\ uhjfs uhfs uhfjsd uhfusda ufdshzu hijgoisdjko ifjdsoia\ ijoif jofk\   jfdsij ijifdkj
bhcjznx jhfsijd\ ujhfis\ uhjfs uhfs uhfjsd uhfusda ufdshzu hijgoisdjko ifjdsoia\ ijoif jofk\   jfdsij ijifdkj
Setting objective key execution pointers, benchmarks and cutoff times assist administrator with knowing ahead of time the thing their objectives are, assisting them with performing better. Putting together administrative execution audits with respect to genuine boundaries helps organizations all the more decently and precisely being the cycle for checking on their bosses, supervisors a leaders.
The advancement of center and senior level directors on emotional grounds - like authority abilities - frequently implies that they never hear objective criticism that helps their expert development. While HR and other people who assess their directors ought to involve their own instinct as a feature of their surveys, setting objective measuring sticks helps better measure similar things execution.


Overall it's super simple to navigate as long as you read carefully.
The program is very clean and easy to Navigate
The way it's set up little confusing and layered a little non-user friendly
Excellent.
The way you can organize your employees and help them to improve.
In my opinion, it does not have any negative aspect.
The system is customizable which is very helpful.  The support team is very responsive and ready to help.
Unable to use symbol, i.e  bullet points when writing comments, as they print out illegible.  Improvement is needed.
Overall experience with Performance Pro is a positive one. It is perfect for annual reviews between managers and employees to determine raises and bonuses. I have used it for the past 5 years and feel like it meets those needs. 
 AND 
This software helps ease the workload in the HR role, very user friendly and no hassle in understanding how the platform works. Very efficient when generating reports. The customer support is highly responsive when contacted. It has a workflow capability that can be used during the performance review proces
It is perfect for annual reviews between managers and employees to determine raises and bonuses. I have used it for the past 5 years and feel like it meets those needs."
I like that it gives you generic wording. This helps especially if you get stuck. I like the spell check on it. I love that I don't have to save after each correction, factor or goal.

Performance Pro is a customizable, user-friendly, automated performance management platform. Save time with our customizable libraries of content from competencies to tools that help managers leave more meaningful feedback & establish smart goals. Empower your employees to pursue their own professional development, retain your top talent, provide a sense of purpose with goal alignment to strategic objectives, & truly drive an increase in performance & achievement throughout your organization.

If I want to copy a goal comment (for example) from another performance review I have to go to that other person's review (of course) then it doesn't just take me to their review it takes me to the factors. If I'm on a particular goal then I switch to another person I want it to take me where I was on the previous persons review. It would be nice to have a comparison of what was written on each review so we don't have to flip back and forth.
Low-cost product
Has the ability to store reviews for multiple years
Has the ability to input goals, in a variety of areas
Allows for manager and self appraisal
Where things are placed is not well thought out. Also it is weird that you don't have to "save" your work.

It has a good workflow for tracking on going performance, making it way easier on people managers when time for annual reviews roll around. 
I like everything about it. The only improvement could be better access via mobile device - some of our managers live on their phones! 
I liked how we can use this throughout the year. It helps the team track our individual goals and has everyone reflect on them each quarter to track our progress. 
Sometimes it was confusing on getting to your appraisal to evaluate your factors.
It allowed me to make customizable reminders and emails to management. 
It is definitely helpful for setting goals and tracking them. Every quarter, you can update and track. I also like the ability for documentation. 
It is very complex, and it does not make you save which is weird in itself. The navigation is not self-explanatory. 
I've used this system for almost two years and find it fairly user friendly, especially after the round of recent system updates/improvements. Our company will be migrating Compease to the online platform and we're excited for Performance Pro and Compease to "talk" to each other.
I like the template forms that are available, such as the Verbal Warning template and the Achievement template. The Notes section is useful also to record meetings and coaching sessions with employees.
It's been a little difficult to utilize the system for performance appraisals if an employee has several managers/positions throughout the review period. We had a lot of organizational movement last review period and some employees had three plus managers who needed to submit review information.
My only experience this far has been training.  I am new to this however your staff is awesome (Adam is the bomb!)
I will get back to you on this.
I will get back to you on this
We have always had great customer service when we have needed to call the support department for help!  Everyone is always very kind, patient, and helpful!
I think the program is easy to navigate through and easy to use.
It's all electronic so you don't have to fill out and save paperwork.
Can be a little confusing at first for people that have less computer knowledge. 
I have used this software for a number of years, with varying options enabled. It has served me well over the years.
Intuitive for managers to use
Fully customisable
Very versatile
Could do with ability to write own reports
This software is really helpful with building relationships with the employees and increasing there performance. 
The actual setup where the things are placed seems to make it hard to understand, but once you start you´ll never want to finish.
