The overall experience is quite amazing and I recommend this tool for any such collaboration or any conference session. We have a number of ways to track usage and see who joined a meeting. The end user could control some of their own settings from a Web interface.
GoToMeeting is a very easy way to use meetings. The audio quality on this video is really good. You can easily hear the speakers. You can share your screen, "raise hand" when you have some comments on the topic, and record the meeting. Overall, if you have a large firm with a lot of appointments, I would recommend you buy this app. 
Requireh high-speed internet. The recordings are being automatically deleted from the cloud after 3 months, which is very frustrating.
We like it or we wouldn't keep on as a client! It seems the best bang for the buck. We have used other platforms but they aren't as solid.
It's easy overall. It has quite a few features that make it a valuable addition to our business. It can get pricey with multiple seats though!
Seems like incoherent versioning. It operates very differently it seems at times vs. others. Should be more standardized.
Video conferencing.

Team collaboration.

Business instant messaging.
GoToMeeting was easy to implement and deploy without third-party service providers.
It has been easy to handle corporate meetings in the cloud.
I have no negative vibe towards GoToMeeting.
It's made training my agents a breeze and i can record my meetings which was cool
Easy to use
Nice features
Good quality software
Easy for others to use
Ability to join by phone
Phone or computer
Sometimes the connection is weak or sometimes its duplicates your login so it looks like your on the meeting on 2 lines
I prefer to use gotomeeting for corporate meetings with internal teams, I even prefer it over topics. They can simplify their user interface more because it makes it difficult for me to find some options.
It offers the possibility of having a corporate environment for meetings and generates a differential for when you are going to connect with a client, since it is a different platform from the traditional ones, so it is striking.
It is not very friendly to new users, some options for normal use are not easily found. For this reason I use gotomeeting in the corporate context and to connect with clients I prefer traditional calling platforms.
I like It's  unique features of accommodating 1k attendance on their webinar
I don't  like this normal plan that can only accommodate 26 attendance including the host compared to it's competitors.
I have use GoToMeeting all my business life for over 10 years and in comparison to others it relatively connects you easier as it is not as complex to install and it connects to your devices easily.
Very easy to use and setup on either windows or mac and also on any mobile phone

Sharing screen was at times challenging to operate but overall this can be troubleshoot quickly
This was a very powerful way to communicate with your teams members.
We used this software for all out meetings.
None, I liked this software very much, once you learned good to go.
Very easy and great to use for online meeting
Easy to use and quick to load or update when needed
Seems to update frequently but not a problem
It just can't compete with all the greater products that have come out - like Zoom, Google Meet, Microsoft Team, UberConference.  To GoToMeeting's credit, I view them as a pioneer in the online conferencing space, but just like Palm Pilots, and Blackberry's they just haven't done a great job keeping up and remaining competitive.
Nothing, but if I have to fill this section out, I'll just say that it did accomplish it's mission - I was able to connect with the other parties for the meeting and complete our discussion.
It's intrusive in that it insists on installing on my laptop.  Crazy long access codes (I feel like I'm typing every number and letter in the alphabet).  I have to search thru a lot of junk text to find what I'm looking for - the connection URL or a phone number.  All in all I feel like I'm using technology from 15 years ago that hasn't done a great job simplifying itself and keeping up with competitors.
My overall experience with GoToMeeting has been great, they have different options if you like to reach out to them, the one I really really like is the Online Chat and there is always someone who is available to assist you with the Software if anyone needs help and assistance 

I love that the software does not cap any time limits and it's unlimited 

I love the screen sharing, unlimited meetings and messaging features the most 
What I really liked the most about this software is that I am currently using it for my Business Purposes

It allows me to have meetings in a bigger group setting of more than 250 participants at the same time

It also allows gives us option for upgrading if I have more than 250 participants attending any meetings and can allow me upto 3000 partcipants - Great Feature!!!!!

One of the features that I like to most is making the HD Video's so it can reach out to large number of audience at the same time 

The feature also allows you to have unlimited amounts of meetings with No Meeting Time Limits 

This product is very easy to use, if you take quality time out to really know the product and how to intergrate it in your Business Setting 

The intergration of this product is very simple and easy process 
The features that can really benefit GoToMeeting I feel are missing or could really add value would be to add more features under the Professional Package like Onboarding and Training so business owners can also have opportunity to learn and grow in this category, the other two packages are GREAT for Business and Enterprise they include the Onboarding and Training 


The record, feature is handy if we miss the meeting or not able to attend meeting in case of some issues. 
-The screen share and video conference works really good even in lower internet speeds.
-I like the chat feature within the applications
-I love all the features

Nothing at this point of time. The features are really amazing. It is very easy to use and setup meetings and attend meetings.
You can do anything if on go to meeting.
It what I like about the software is that you got great quality.
What I least like about the software is that it glitches sometimes.
Performance can be improved and User Interface is also improved with good quality product.
GoToMeeting works on Low-Speed Internet and easy to share screen to Attendee.
GoToMeeting sometimes the voice is not audible and voice can be improved.
Go to meeting is an easy product to use, I worked in the conferencing industry and can admit that compared to other hosting platforms, GoToMeeting is simple and allows you to share screens or presentations with ease. 
I can't think of any real cons, at this point our technological lives, anything we don't know how to do we can view on YouTube, but this product is as standard as it gets.
It provides a very good connection and features.
The participant needs to install an app in order to view a webinar. its is the most expensive.
GoToMeetings is the platform that helps us in communication sector. It is great service provider tool. Must try it, highly recommended tool.
It is one the best platform providing online meeting and on the go collaboration. I love this tool because it is very easy to schedule meetings and using this entire product. Its all features are really interesting and providing us advanced services for collaboration.
What I have understand this tool very well. It just needs improvement for the chat options, which should be a little more advanced way. Apart from that it is fantastic tool.
Good to have for doing meeting online with the staff.
Little expensive for small company at this price. 
ease to use, 
low fees ,
prefer using GoToMeeting for their web and video conferencing requirements 
affordability and robustness. 
Includes users with functionality and ease of use just like other software.

*Limited number of user
*required Good internet connection 
*should have extended time option if required without disconnect and connecting 

Overall works well including the mobile version.  
As an end user it is easy to use. The prompts tell you what to do and help you download  the software. 
The mobile version would crash from time to time so I would close the application and reopen it to solve the problem. 
