Some feauture are easy to find! And very useful
Some feautures are not easy to find! Help me with that
It is an excellent AP solution and is reasonably priced. It simplifies the procedure of paying AP, which is excellent for the accountant. The option to pay with a credit card is very advantageous.
I appreciate Melio's ease of use and compatibility with Quickbooks Online. It is simple to use and makes paying AP a breeze. It is quite simple to start-up and ideal for clients with modest volume.
I do not like the fact you cannot pay multiple invoices with one check. I do not think vendors appreciate the multiple checks from the same company. The lag time of the checks seems to have gotten worse. It is also hard to sort through the previous history and organize it well.
The workflow of my business have been more smooth and efficient using melio
Melio is a software that every business owner should have, it has better and helpful features
I feel they should show more love to the UI and and also the price too
Melio integrates VERY WELL with QBO.  I'm able to set up vendor bills/payments with a simple approval workflow quickly and easily.  My vendors can choose how they are paid (paper check or direct deposit) and I can choose how to pay them (bank account or credit card).  Paying with a bank account is FREE!
I'm finding that my vendor addresses don't carry over from QBO to Melio, so the first time I pay a vendor in Melio I have to type in the vendor address in Melio, even though it's already set up in QBO.  It's a minor inconvenience that I'm hopeful Melio will fix.  (Their customer support is great!)
Overall I got much help from using it as it helped me in holding both my startup operations and my freelance projects well.
Basically you can use its features with freedom and in my view I got best results both as a startup owner and a freelancer at the same time.
Through using the financial features, it has to do some sort of improvement as many of the payments are stuck for long.
This idem is wonderful . Invoicing and accounting my firm are now easier than ever for Melio
This platform has a lot of fascinating features , but my favorites are the mobile payment choices ans thé invoice history
I have not encountered any problèmes .
Melio should continue in this direction, un my opinion . I'm thrilled to ne utilizing this  product
Easy guide for beginners. I was able to find what I was looking for.
N/anot too sure if there’s anything I struggled with.
My overall experience with this product is awesome. My business billing and accounting became easier than ever tongues to Melio
This Product is full of good features but what I like the most are the mobile payment and invoice history.
I do recommend Melio to keep going on that way. I am so happy using this product.
Timely results. Really inexpensive. Great software.
Melio integrates VERY WELL with QBO. I'm able to set up vendor bills/payments with a simple approval workflow quickly and easily.
I see that my supplier addresses are not transferred from QBO to Melio, so the first time I pay a supplier in Melio, I have to enter the supplier address in Melio
My experience with Melio was really awful. I truly believe this company is a SCAM. Before we even start using it they blocked our account, so I sent them email to clarify why this is happened. In the beginning his name was Tom told me that they cannot support payroll, I asked him can we pay 1099 vendors and he said yes. He asked me to provide proof and send him 1099, after I covered ssn on our forms, they blocked our account and stopped respond it. This platform don’t have phone number, they will just ignore any of your emails. Obviously, when they didn’t get ssn they decide our company “trigger risk factor”. Stay away from them, they have zero customer service. The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER. 
Free software. Nothing more. I do not like this company at all. If I can give negative star I will.
Really bad customer service, communication is the worst, ignoring customers, not solving problems.
Its easy to use
Its easy to use ITs simple i like it it helped me alot cause its simple thank u
Its a bit dom it can be a bit tierirng and hassle free i want a 20 dollar gift card now or u dead u hear me
Timely results. Really inexpensive. Great software.
Melio integrates VERY WELL with QBO. I'm able to set up vendor bills/payments with a simple approval workflow quickly and easily.
I see that my supplier addresses are not transferred from QBO to Melio, so the first time I pay a supplier in Melio, I have to enter the supplier address in Melio
The overall experience with Melio has been positive with myself and our vendors. They love receiving an alert to expect payment.
I like that Melio is not only easy to use but it is a quick process.  The number of steps to complete a transaction is a huge time saver.
One feature that Melio lacks for me is that I would like the capabilty to attach a file like xls to payments I send.
Overall happy
Ease of use and intuitive. It was simple to setup
Takes a long time for payments to process
First hopeful. Then confused. Later frustrated and anger. Now disgust and acceptance. Overall a very negative experience when dealing a payment processing service. 
It’s free, it’s advertised nicely, but there are actual NO pros because they are not a professional service. 
Customer support is a joke. They responded to my email with 1 sentence that was so vague, I didn’t have any idea what they had requested from me. In summary, they discrimate against sole proprietorships, freelancers, contractors, and self-employees persons. They specify say that they DON’T do this and think that makes everything okay. That’s why I say this is not a professional service. They are fishing for high volume businesses so they can make money on credit card processing. They are dishonest in their advertising. I am being put out and payments are being delayed due to this weird and terrible company. It’s all a con.   
Best value for money and amazing time savings. 
Ease of implementation and simple interface. 
Can't pay international vendors with my credit card. 
Complete and utter disappointment, frustration (as I write this review I've been talking with customer support since 9:30am EST and it's now 2:26 EST - and not resolved), do not waste your time. It seems to be free for a reason. 
The software was easy to use and I was able to easily add vendors. 
Don't bank on Melio to get your vendors or bills paid on time, because it will most likely be 3-5 business days after the date you selected it's due, even if that date is weeks away. Then, when you contact there one person customer support via chat, she'll tell you she's checking their "database" and then tell you some shady stuff about their payments going through Federal Reserve, she will not be apologetic. 

Another crap feature is that any of that important information, like ya know, where your money is going and when it'll get there is either a lie OR ABSENT. The information I did get from customer service was important information business owners deserve to know. And it's not found anywhere on the website, FAQ page, not in onboarding emails. 

So before you sign up and use this company.. dont. 
It was easy to set up an account and has a pleasing aesthetic. I was really excited to find it. It's easy to set up vendors and create an invoice
No ability to pay international vendors via credit card transactions, but no one does that so not really a loss.
Good way for keep track of the Clients info 
It’s not with Chime where you can transfer money over in pay out 
It does everything we need it to, BUT, when anything goes wrong it's a pain in the @ss to get anybody at Customer Service to be responsive; NO PHONE NUMBER, won't give you one no matter what, and the chat feature is indistinguishable from being a Chatbot
Easy to use and understand and payments usually get where they're going
Can be buggy and not good explanation for why things aren't working right. Customer service is ABYSMAL
