I love Shipmonk! Great support and helps my business tremendously.
When I started my small Online business I've had problems with order fulfillment and shipping,until  a friend introduced me to shipmonk. I would really say it's one of the best fulfillment software among the ones I've tried before.  As a small business owner my main focus is toward growing my business. with Shipmonk, I was able to fulfill that by focusing all my attention toward selling my products while Shipmonk does the rest of the work for me.  I dont have any regrets using it, their staff is so quick to follow , they are very professional . Their system is very easy to use as well. 
Love them
I cant really point out anything bad about the software for now.
their platform was really easy to set up on and their customer support was always really friendly and happy to help.
Pick fee and shipping makes it hard for a low cost ($12 and under) product to profit. The service is definitely more beneficial for higher priced goods as they can also work with customized packaging. 
Horrible! I will never recommend this to anyone!
I'm not sure if there is something I like!
The shipping cost are very expensive and deliverries are always late! We are losing a lot of money and our customers are always frustrated. Some packages are damaged! The customer service is very not helpful at all! I will never recommend this company to y friends or to anyone else because they'll end up losing their money. This company makes your business look bad!
The thing that I like the most about ShipMonk is the ability to connect to many fulfillment companies and find the one that has the best price to my customer. 
The thing that I like least about ShipMonk, it that it should have more marketplaces, and be easier to set up.
Overall, the experience was a complete nightmare and we do not recommend their services.
Shipmonk did eventually ship out our orders and, by all accounts, everyone received the right product.
Shipmonk was unprepared to handle our bulk order, over-charged us for shipping, over-charged us for packaging, over-charged us for fulfillment, charged us for packaging they did not actually use, damaged some product, lost some product, did not send out customer notification emails, did not assign us an account manager, and maxed out our credit card with unauthorized charges. 

For a complete breakdown, visit:[SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN]
I’ve been a proud customer of Shipmonk since August 2017. All orders have been delivered to all of my customers on time. Shipmonk staff works with me diligently to fulfill all requests 
This software has made it very easy for my company to track orders, manage inventory, and add new stock 
I wish shipmonk created an App where I could download on my IPhone to stay on top of alerts 
ShipMonk is a complete order fulfillment process service. If you're a company that needs a solution to fulfill your orders, this is a good option.
While their complete services are useful I don't find it completely useful for some companies - especially those that already have a fulfillment department.
Their software is easy to use and figure out.
Had some glitches.  Kicked me out when trying to implement an order.
Terrible. 
Sometimes they ship products out on time. 
I've had a terrible experience with this company. Fees EVERYWHERE. BE WARNED. They will nickel and dime you with everything even when closing an account. Their shipments are late, their program had numerous problems, including shipping out weeks after an order was made during the off season. And the fees. FEES FEES FEES. Send something in wrong, massive fees. Send something out not in line with their box configuration, fees. You pay for everything. I've lose thousands with this company. NEVER WORK WITH THEM, their UI is buggy, and the FEES. FEES FEES FEES> 
They've been really accommodating in helping my business expand, and they've been eager to follow my specific packaging instructions.
The dashboard is quite simple to understand and navigate - it's very user-friendly and doesn't require any training. In minutes, you'll have access to full product information, shipping costs, weight, and tracking information. It syncs with our Shopify store and is updated in real time.
It is difficult to say. It is quite user-friendly, therefore there are no significant drawbacks.
I was really hopeful this would be the change I needed to free me from weeks of stress and packaging but instead it's just a new stress of feeling helpless to do anything for my upset customers as their orders go unshipped..

I don't even want to think about all of the mess ups in shipping that may be coming in waves as soon as orders do ship...


I'm sure someone will reply to this review eventually, want me to change it? Rectify the issues.
It's highly interactive, user friendly, integrated with etsy.

But this is all worthless if they don't follow through with their services...
 We do shop updates and during these updates we receive about 1300-2000 orders in a 24-48 hour period. This was way to much work for just me & my husband to handle, yet we handled it.

Here I am a full week after the shop update and not a single f-@%%@ order has ACTUALLY shipped! All orders are simply marked as pre transit.

Even worse the tracking #s being kicked back into the etsy system are registering as invalid if customers try to track orders externally.

But on top of all of this they have not PICKED OR PACKED a single order in almost THREE BUSINESS DAYS and now I have about 100 orders that are marked late by DAYS to ship or are about to be!

Also I am having to refund people right & left as they say I am backordered on items even though we meticulously counted our stock with a clicker. Even on items we only sent 16 of they say we miscounted and only had 13... I'm pretty sure I know the difference between 13 and 16.

The first batch of inventory they right off the bat lost an entire bag saying we had miscounted and only sent 1 bag of a SKU that I had TAPED together.

So here I am with hundreds and hundreds of loyal customers who are pretty upset especially because I  had to raise my shipping rates to use this service.

Then to add insult to injury they aren't even shipping chronologically! So add this to the backorder issue and we are having to refund people who bought things in the very first moments of the sale while folks who placed orders days later get the item!
Can't receive let alone deliver goods, terrible service, poor technology and even poorer culture of blaming outside circumstances or the customer even rather them themselves when things go wrong. Even the CEO could not admit to poor service and long wait times claiming things were outside of their control even though everything was in their control as a fulfilment company they should not be in business. 
Delivery of goods and services.  Very good 
It may last about days before the good get to you 
So far all works. It is a bit on the pricy side and what I consider really bad is zero protection against internal/carrier frauds.

When I ship 10 boxes and only 1 arrives, the warehouse will sign that they got 10 boxes. Thus, I cannot do dispute anything with the carrier, and ShipMonk won't take responsibility. This is a crucial problem
The UI is clean and easy to use. They have all necessary integrations.
Lack of reporting tools, not really many options to export some data.
Shipmonk is a great order fulfillment center for eCommerce. Quick Customer service and great online application/platform. We have integrated ours with Shopify store. Two locations in CA and FL can help you optimize shipping costs. 

We can highly recommend it!
We have been with Shipmonk for 2+ years and we have really like everything so far.
I am trying to use Shipmonk for my fulfillment requirements for my newly launched e-commerce store. When I looked around internet I found dozens of fulfillment service providers and I was completelly confused how to move forward. I went through Shipmonk website, and called their customer support to discuss the issue. Please be noted that unlike any other service providers, Shipmonk customer service reps are highly trained and deal with their customer applying their "Emotional Intelligence". Meaning, they just do not try to sell their service. In contrary, they "truly" understand the need of their customer and explain the service to the level that the customer actually need. I have never had any conversation with any other fulfillment services before. I am experiencing a unique way of customer relationship and I am loving it (as reflecting from my writing)!
Very user friendly software. Easy to navigate around and understand the contents.
There is absolutely NOTHING that I did not like about the software.
I like ShipMonk's ease of use and how clearly the information is displayed.  It is also helpful that there are status updates for everything so I'm always up to date.
As with developing softwares, ShipMonk's software is constantly being tested which results in a changing interface. This is usually done on the back end, however, and  usually doesn't interrupt daily operations.
As the owner of boxycharm, who ships million of boxes every year, I've never seen a Fulfilment center as advance. I believe that investing in tech is investment into the future and it's clear that the CEO Jan has the same mindset.
Can't find one. I'm so far playing with it so I may eventually find some. If I had to push it, and I do, I'd say the fruntend colors is not my fav.
Customers are pleased that their perfume orders were professionally packed and arrived on time 

Helped my company during our busiest times with increased orders 
I just wish Shipmonk would create an App that will make it easier for me to track orders on my phone instead of constantly having to log in.  The app will help in sending chimes to my phone indicating when an order has shipped, returned, not mapped and etc
Easy to set up, fast shipping . Very intuitive software . Always up and running. Dependable . Would recvomend 
