I've been using Nimble for about a year and I absolutely love it. You can easily connect with your clients and prospects.
More integration with additional marketing platforms would be appreciated. 
Nimble can deal with a very high volume of data such that bodes well and is valuable to the client. Attempting to maintain my business without the assistance of Nimble was overpowering and impractical. With Nimble, I have had the option to significantly more adequately plan and monitor my contacts with clients, just as knowing the substance of those contacts...which makes for considerably more compelling business building.
It gives so numerous incredible characteristics. My most loved is the Deals area. It is totally adjustable and allows you to make and follow your own business cycle. Obviously the simplicity of contributing data with the deft miner is virtuoso also. With every one of our kin working distantly, Nimble is our center point of contact. We can see refreshes effectively and research others correspondence with a possible customer. On head of the arrangements and CRM, it offers an approach to send mass email. Allowed it's restricted, yet at the same time a too convenient device for little missions. I likewise love the iOS application. Not exactly as strong as the online work area, it actually gives me all I require, in a convenient presentation. I'll state it once more, we live in the arrangements segment. By a wide margin my number one component! Gracious likewise, the web-based media joining is exceptionally useful while exploring possible customers also. At long last, they offer extraordinary help. Both through twitter and email, I get brisk reactions with a mentality of supportiveness.
The email editorial manager isn't as acceptable those in Gmail and LinkedIn. Anyway this is overwhelmed by utilizing your GMail or Outlook and you approach the Nimble Add-in for the two projects. While the Group Message work is a superb component it would incredible to see a full e-pamphlet campability accessible from inside Nimble.
Easily keep track of important relationships. Reminders to stay in touch with people. Strong integration with Google Apps
Its help keep track of leads and communications. We have some frustrations with Nimble, but at least as of the last round of reviews it was the best match for our business. Things we like: * Price point is reasonable * Automatic integration with gmail - communications over email with a contact show up with no extra work from us * Automatic integration with social media * Shared information with several people on our team * Reminders to stay in touch with people can be easily created at the same time the contact is created
 I've struggled with some of the manual features of social media integration within Nimble. When Nimble auto-detects a social media profile (or profiles), the integration is much more useful. If I have to input the address for the social media profile manually, then the integration is much more bare-bones. One of the features of Nimble that can be useful is a calendar integration that prompts for information regarding what was useful during a particular event. However, this integration very often asks about personal calendar events which have no bearing on customer relations and are not very useful for business building. I have not yet figures out how to select which calendar events should receive these post event prompts and which ones should not. So, this particular calendar integration has become somewhat instrusive and not easily mitigated.
Overall, this product performs exceptionally well for what it is needed for.
It is a fairly inexpensive software for data storage. The volume that it can store for the cost is astounding.
I wish that the software was a little more user-friendly. That is the only complaint that I have about  it.
The software is very easy to set up and use. You can automatically synchronize contacts, emails, and calendar which is convenient when getting started.
The mobile app can be improved. The software does not have enough features and could use more. Can get expensive.
The worst.
what they told you they have....but they dont.
No training.  No customer service.  Zero support.  

The program is great. I'm very pleased and everything is duper suited
i have nothing bad about the app
Program Is great
Nimble is the simply insightful relationship manager created to help professionals build better relationships in a noisy, multi-channel world. Nimble provides … track, engage and nurture contacts—providing context to conversations. Nimble brings together contacts.

Collecting users and connecting with my contacts using templates and my google mail accounts.
I do like the ability to get the signals and watch what is happening on my social stream (It can and will improve).
I like the email updates I receive every day to let me know where I can connect and reach out to my community. Why no LinkedIn?
I like the ability to create a few custom fields.
Not all of the social feeds are included… Hello. Linkedin? Where are you?
I really get frustrated that I don't have more API connections and the ability to populate Nimble with outside websites and forms. CTA captures information from other sources. Access - we need access!!!
Using the Nimble tool, I develop a personal base of business partners. There is full integration with LinkedIn. You can import a list of contacts from your email. There is a function to create a schedule of tasks.
Among all the functionality of the Nimble tool, I lack the function of forecasting the results of work. There is no opportunity to communicate with your contacts through correspondence.
The Customer administration for this application was astonishing. This is elusive in a ton of CRMs. For Nimble it didn't need a great deal of time getting utilized as well. It was not difficult to explore and simple to assist others with learning the framework. For the PC framework, the application is light and moves quicker. I don't trust I have ever had the application crash on me while during the time spent utilizing it. For an entrepreneur, it has a reasonable and sensible cost. This framework is truly useful for following time sheets and planning. There was never any disarray about which individual was taking which work with this part of the application. 
 I genuinely appreciated Nimble. It didn't take me everlastingly to sort out some way to utilize and get settled with Nimble. Be that as it may, my significant other chose he needed to go for an alternate CRM. I was disturbed and differ but rather he moved us on to another item which isn't bad by any stretch.
The menus are hard to track down as some of them are covered up, you frequently need to pause for a minute to look for them. The cutoff points on the email are very baffling. It likewise doesn't accompany a lot of capacity and that can likewise be baffling when attempting to save and keep things coordinated. 

I've tried several CRM platforms and they either offer too few features or have so many that it's hard to know where to start. Nimble offers more functions than I need, but it's intuitive and easy to customize, so I get what I need as soon as I log in. I also appreciate that my communication is logged even if it isn't sent directly in Nimble. I can see that last time a connected with a past client or prospect and schedule timely outreach.

Everything! I especially like how intuitive the interface is with a minimal learning curve. The integration with Microsoft Office and other applications really makes it easy to track emails related to our customer experience and interactions. I enjoy the way taht customers' information is captured in a simple methodical way and that Nimble automatically creates the company as you create a new person within the database. The interface looks amazing and just makes perfect sense.
When I navigate with my regular web browser shortcuts for back, I tend to need a refresh for the site to function correctly again. (Very easy to work directly within site using its navigational options). I wish that there was an option to Opt in or Out for marketing emails while adding the customer to Nimble, or somewhere in Nimble. When adding a new person to Nimble, I would love a "Spot Check" to be done before an additional company is added, instead of creating a seperate company name that would require that the companies be merged agterwards, as I feel that this causes double the work when you have to constantly go back and double check. I would also like to be able to @mention to other users on Nimble, that have not been added as Nimble contacts.

We use this program in Axios to locate and manage prospects, in addition to providing us with organization and capacity to add new information about striking clients, the automation that presents in its configuration the tasks of keeping in contact, reduces the demand of accumulated organization. It is necessary for us in the email tracking.
Nimble is a very good program to use the multiple pipeline of project management, it allows in this way to manage contacts in relation to being invited to webinars something extremely great, it is important to highlight its system of saving searches, since it allows it to be reusable later. Through emails googles can collect users and their proper connection, I am fascinated by the ability to obtain signals, this way you can perceive everything that happens in the social environment. It is possible to note that you can create custom fields.
Among the negative features, I'll mention that list management is not as flexible as with some databases, but it is perfectly adequate for most users. The interface is very old-fashioned, it does not work very efficiently on high-resolution monitors; It is necessary to improve the mobile application since it only has a subset of functionalities, in addition, the email editor needs some improvements.
It is easy to use and it is very useful and durable
It is very durable and it is very easy to use
I use Nimble to communicate with business partners. I like this platform because it provides detailed contact data and integrates easily with email. And here there are detailed statistics on the use of the application.
I used to use Linkedin and gathered a large database of contacts. It would be nice to add integration with this service so that you can transfer contacts to Nimble.
Accessibility since the contacts are easy to find.

Ooh!!!I dont know where to start.This is best software in contact management. It gives immediate access to several important apps. its easy to navigate as you can set follow up tasks and the access makes it easier. Provides better relationship management among team members and enhances production of better results .
Just a little. Incase you are using it through chrome, you have to keep refreshing the page for it to function properly.
I love it, The interface is incredible, Jon's babies are beautiful.
The Chrome Plugin
The auto-aggregation of social media accounts
Contact management, Nimble App, Search and segment options, templates with merge tags
Tagging and export to MailChimp if we can trust it works.
That you listened to suggestions in the beginning
Ease of use
Teams can easily adopt and use
Works with Gmail and Chrome Can create other rules within Zapier Great interface
Reporting
Support Response Time
Russian Dressing
Compared to similar programs utilized in this business I felt that Nimble took a huge leap in what they can offer in every aspect. Email blasts, social media access, calendars that reflect what is inputted into Nimble which makes the process very fluid and less tedious than other in the market. 
Calendars, tasks and just the fluidity from profile to calendars to assist me with not missing a call, appointment, meeting. 
Some issues with the calendar not reflecting appointments. But It could have also been user error. 
I am still learning about all of the features Nimble has and I just  enjoy building my knowledge of business so I can use this software to better solve any problems that may occur in my career. For now it has shown more good than bad.
I like how easy I could pick up on the new features which I am still new to, but it is made to be simple and easy to learn.
I think it has a few minor issues like email supervisor, also sometimes I have problems logging in, and some features just stop working all of a sudden.
It is a simple integrated with social networks and make relationship easy
Importing contacts from social media platform may get you some unwanted contacts as well
I like this app a lot you could be managing a lot of sales flow and the customer support is superb
It has a very good integration system and customer support
Constant ads and info page passes me off
