The software helped me with my business 
It takes a minute or two to learn how to use but once you have it it’s super easy
Great Project Management Tool - email updates, keeps history and files
"Discussions" may get lost - you have to look for it 
wesfcswefdsfsaew
ewfwfewfeswaf fdedwsfsweddfuygyghefgesyhfgeygfcfhjdfhe
wafawefdawsedfewsafdsfedfdxc ffdfewfsefffrffd
Keep everyone in the loop without all the meetings.
An essential part of every project is keeping people informed so that nothing falls through the cracks and everyone knows what to do. Basecamp makes it easy to see the big picture and the nitty gritty. Whether you’re a CEO, a project manager, or an individual contributor, Basecamp has you covered.For owners and execs
Automatic check-in questions like “what are you working on this week?” and “what did you work on today?” give you a quick, easy way to see the broad strokes of what everyone is doing. Perfect for keeping your finger on the pulse without getting bogged down.For managers
Basecamp’s activity view gives you one place to see everything that’s going on. You can see all the tasks that are overdue, all the work that’s due soon, everything that’s on someone’s plate, upcoming milestones, and more.For individuals
Basecamp’s “My stuff” menu lets you see everything that’s on your plate. Your assignments across every project, your schedules, things that you've bookmarked, etc. Want to catch up on a project? Scroll through the project's activity to catch up quick.
most teams spend too much time and money on status meetings and daily standups. Basecamp gives you the tools to keep everyone in the loop without meetings, freeing up time for productive work that moves projects forward.
Keep projects on track with Hill Charts — a Basecamp exclusive.
the uphill and downhill phases of a project
“4 out of 5 tasks completed” doesn’t tell you if things are on track. That last to-do could be a monster that derails your entire project. Enter Basecamp’s Hill Charts. They work alongside to-dos to show you exactly where projects really stand.

How it’s better: Gantt charts are guesses that don’t match reality. Counting open to-do’s won’t tell you if people are stuck. Hill Charts give you the missing context that lets you spot problems and course correct before blowing deadlines.
Basecamp is a great way to communicate between vendors. I use it to manage documents and communication with my business coaches and also with my vendors that manage my website. It's easy and a great way to keep all information together. 
It's cloud based so I can access it anywhere and it automatically keeps track of my communication.
Sometimes it can get glitchy when info is sent to an email address outside of the one I have for my basecamp account, but once that gets figured out it works fine. 
Basecamp was the only tool that I did not need to explain how to use to my team. ... “Easy to see overall scope of tasks to complete and progressive in projects” ... It's a much better experience for new employees to have everything organized.
Basecamp is a solid, powerful service that does what it has to, but lacks the pizzazz of its competitors
Basecamp is an excellent online hub for team collaboration. It's flexible, reasonably priced, and integrates with a wide variety of other services. 
Very valuable and makes my job MUCH easier. 
Ease of use for day to day duties and being able to track and keep track of projects. 
Not always as easy to use when trying to incorporate external documents and files. 
I've tried other project management software and to me Basecamp is the best.
I really enjoy Basecamp. My favourite feature is that I can bring clients and employees together in one project, but I can choose what the client sees and doesn't see. Ease of use is also a big plus.
I don't use many of the features, so it feels a bit like a waste.
I like how easy it is to use, especially for users that aren't very technical. Opening, dragging/dropping tasks is pretty simple.
We used to use this for the ticketing system at our company, and eventually we switched over to ActiveCollab. It was frustrating to have to put our initials before a task name for everyone to know who opened the item, and we couldn't label things for the status. Instead, we'd have to create lists for all the different statuses and add a blank task to the first of the list in order for the list to stay separated. We checked into Basecamp 3 to see if that experience would be improved, and sadly, it was worse.
simple, customizable and accessible to anyone
Azure is open source CMS and it need to be well protected.
i like how its good and easy to use its esy vrfomvofg
the fvfgdsvdsfvdsfvdfvkjdfvmfffffffffffffffffffffffffff
Very efficient and easy to use software.
Complicated but can still be used to get job done
Headquarters is a compelling task the board device, one that our groups utilize consistently. With various colleagues required on numerous undertakings getting an outline of the relative multitude of moving parts can challenge. The issue we set off to tackle was to permit our undertaking chief to see all impending Basecamp assignments accumulated in one spot, across all ventures, and all colleagues.
Presenting OverView, a task the executives apparatus for Basecamp. Outline gives a speedy and clear synopsis of all dynamic errands for each colleague across all Basecamp projects.
An association of client correspondence for a venture, straightforward highlights, and the capacity to deal with various clients simultaneously. I like how Basecamp assists you with getting sorted out your email inbox instead of being overpowered with irritating email strings. Representatives can utilize Basecamp to follow their work and open a schedule of progressing projects. Use alarms and remarks to see ongoing updates. I've been involving Basecamp for quite some time and have generally valued that planning errands with apparatuses and features is so natural. It contains the majority of the instruments for overseeing and coordinating many cross-utilitarian tasks for private ventures or associations
We have battled from the beginning with creating inward standards for how drives are created and made due. The list of capabilities is genuinely huge, which is extraordinary for customisation, however it brought about many beginnings and stops until we found an answer that worked for our group. There is no such thing as conditions, which is a component I'd need to see. At the point when you glue a connection, for example, a Google Doc or a Google Spreadsheet, you can't interface the docs on Basecamp Update. Clients might experience issues understanding that there is a connection inside the update.
Organizing projects 
Basecamp it is organized helpful you can use all form of communication 
What I least like about basecamp they took too long to get the app up all these years
This program is a great way to keep track of what needs to be accomplished and a way to communicate with our leadership.
It’s pretty easy to navigate and I haven’t experienced and trouble so far. 
the good that I can access from any device I highly recommend
With the growth of work at home, the basecamp tool provides good management in organized work. I keep one place, many things like chats, email and among others, our work is much faster.
strategies for establishing a basecamp record include failures in email and url with the simplification of direct access that adapt the traceable documentation
You can share files, add to-do lists, and my experience has been great so far!
I wish I didn't get so many emails everyday.
J'ai utiliser ce logiciel  pendant 6 mois, grâce a ce logiciel J ai gagner beaucoup de temps .
Ce logiciel permet de gérer des taches tout en étant plusieurs.
Ce logiciel est difficile a utiliser pour des débutant .
I love Basecamp, because it's my maiden project management tool. And I will continue using it in the future.
I use Basecamp when I work with my remote clients on various projects.
It's a very easy-to-use project management and collaboration tool. Very easy to navigate through projects and tasks and check to-do status. It also very organized, you can keep and share all your project files and media in one place. You can easily reply to the project board messages by just replying to the email notification from Basecamp.
Basecamp and its features are great choices for small and straightforward projects. But for large and more complex project management basecamp features, somewhat lacks & you should look for alternative tools.
Increasing communication between several departments in different office locations. Tracking which document and version control is an area that could be improved. Also I think templates for project designing would be helpful as well.
Interface is very easy and intuitive to navigate. I liked the collaborative features and clean UI. The auto emailing feature is very helpful. Customer service was extremely helpful and was responded very quickly. The message board functionality is helpful and allows open items to be communicated effectively. For someone that is new to a project it was a helpful place to start.
I wished that Basecamp included better functionality mobile use. It's somewhat difficult to navigate through the menu's to get to your information. I was hoped that replying to the email notification would be captured in the basecamp platform. However this is not a feature supported.
