best tool to monitor logs of your application
Main purpose of this tool for us is to monitor the logs of our application. And I can say, it is very good at this. Finding the stats, pattern out of log is very easy. You can run multiple queries job on a single application log. You can monitor job running on your logs like you can kill them, can stop particular job. It's support of sql like queries on logs is just amazing. 
This is a great tool, there is no disadvantage of this product but just mention you need a bit of learning to use it's all the functionality. 
Great insight to quickly detect and manage threats easily.
It provides easy visibility to security threat with an end-to-end view of organizations security stand and excellent reporting functionalities to accelerate investigations.
Nothing to dislike. Great security analytics and a wide range of use case scenarios.
The ease of query. It doesn't allow me to submit review less than 50 chars, hence this line.
learning query rules and that review must be min 50 chars
It makes troubleshooting network issues so much easier. In a matter of seconds you can find all of the data you need to diagnose most of your network issues.
I love how easy it is to use and to find my data. The search engine is so fast and intuitive.
This is a powerful tool and it can prepare very detailed graphs and charts. The con is that it takes more training and time to perfect your skills to create these graphs. 
Our log correlation and analysis are built on Splunk Enterprise. Our primary use is for IT security, but it has also been useful in the past when we've needed support with operations. Our SIEM, Splunk Enterprise security relies on it. We use a range of data sources to gather information about occurrences. One of Splunk's stronger advantages is its ability to absorb and standardize just about any type of data.
Splunk's visualization and reporting capabilities. Splunk's ability to assimilate any amount of data. The opportunity it provides to reduce incoming data whenever there is a warning of license usage other than the purchased one. It accomplishes this by issuing multiple warnings prior to a violation occurring. the encryption mechanism that it employs.
It's difficult for a new user to get started with
To avoid having to perform manual filtering, we would have liked to see a few more UI capabilities.
The response may have been written in a way that non-technical readers could understand it.
Identify and resolve quickly your operations and security matters with this great application.
All in one solution to collect logs, analysis, diagnose and report. The application has a nice console where it shows all the necessary information with some very nice graphics and information.
Free for 500M/day but a bit expensive if you need to collect more, or have the need to have more users logging in.
The server logs are all stored in the same location and you can easy subdivide them by application.  So different servers or processes or whatever can be in different buckets.  This makes troubleshooting easier.
Sometimes depending on far back you are trying to go the product can be a little sluggish.  Beyond that nothing.
Ease of use and good reported results!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can have better interface keep doing a good job....
Splunk is the log monitoring tool which is very easy to create logic for fetching trace.
Reports and latest timestamp interpretation is easy over here. Application Logs can be monitored over heere and any spike can be alerted and useful one.
Way to show the log trace could be much better way to display. Easy Gui experience could be done for better usage.
Splunk is widely used for manipulation of data and we encounter the use of this tool almostl twice a week. Even though it costs much more but still we have not found any alternative that is able to offer all these functionalities. 
Splunk is very easy to use due to high community support and many video tutorials available online for new users to learn.
Functionalities are robust and simple to use. Data retrieval and visualisation is nice and easy if you know the right querying process. 
Machine Learning supports enhances performance for the cloud, especially. It collect wide variety of data and still it amaze you the way it retrievs it. 
There are many tools available in market which are potential competitors of this tool and that too at reasonable pricing. Splunk offers more functionalities but costs you too much if you look at the work it does.
Complex queries may require large CPU usage and may even freeze or atleast slow down the system for a while. Need to be specific while querying the data. 
If i have put a word it would say "Fantastic".  The functionalities Splunk provides eases team to manage/monitor their IT infrastructure and internal application you will be well aware about the performance of your applications. Setup alerting and take necessary actions in stipulated time to overcome all the issues which may affect your application performance. 
Splunk offers various features whether you need to setup monitoring on your  server, application logs based on logs ingestion set alerts so that teams got notified on real time and take actions accordingly. In this way, it helps to monitor application which are mission critical. You can make dashboards in Splunk where you can configure various components such indexes, data inputs and schedule reports as well. To achieve additional functionalities we can install third party apps as well such as AWS Add on for cloud watch log ingestion.
From Admin perspective,  I found user access management a little difficult. The roles of access management becomes complicated because some time the config files for that didn't came very handy. Other then that I think all in all Splunk provides fulfill all of the requirements. 
It allows me to bring a lot of information into one friendly view. It's a great security audit tool.
It has limited functionality. It is a very memory intensive system. It does not integrate with Lennox.
I'm not sure from where to start in this case.

We use splunk for many things but mostly to analyze the traffic on the network / firewalls. It provides us with a nice overview of what's going on. It makes it very easy to spot spikes on the network and it will provide you also with deep analyzes. 

For us it's an indispensable tool, probably the best tool we have.
To search for something is not always easy, however there are a lot of forums online, so finding help is not that difficult.
Splunk has been key in sever major issue root causes by analyzing logs and from that being able to build reports and determine causes of issues. In addition being able to trend and look for the data in the many logs is very helpful.
We use this tool primarily as a repository for syslog messages for infrastructure. It allows us to quickly analyze the logs and patterns to determine issues based on patterns. In addition it alerts very well from text based trigger alerts. These features are very easy to use and dependable.
I do not have any cons for this software. Mainly as a user it does exactly what I need it to do with no overhead and confusing interfaces.
We have several micro-services deployed in production which require to lookup application access as well as server logs and analyze data for their usage. We created several reports/charts for visualization. We use splunk as security logs tool to see the firewall traffic, tracing any vulnerable access, any database related crash ..etc.
It helps easily to find issue and fixed quickly by black listed in system.
Splunk Enterprise is best tool to analyze the data based on different visualization. It help us to lookup distributed logs for micro-services . It enables field based lookup. For complex logging, we can use search query using expression. We can create multiple reports/charts for visualization such as a pie or bar chart for our data. Best feature what i like , We can visualize our search results and share them with others using dashboard panels. If Already have a dashboard, we can add a new panel from a report, clone from another dashboard, or add a prebuilt panel. Fully customization available. Interfaces is very flexible. We export it in different formats, or refresh it to visualize the newest data. Online Support is available through different community.
Search query builder is fully based on technical. for Non technical users, its really difficult to lookup logs. Sometimes, error thrown by query builder is more difficult to understand. Deep Learning is required to use splunk for production data. For Large application installation, it need to manage more.
Analysing data is super easy and very handy if you are ready to pay heavy price compared to other open source softwares. 
It's very quick and responsive being so lite in terms of size. It's easy to implement within any apps. You can generate usage report, you can log all kind of interaction events and performance metrics. Integration on cross platform like mobile, web, server and network is icing on the cake. 
It's bit pricey and if you need to add customisation it's even more pricey. Onboarding is complicating and time taking so review becomes hectic. Time taken for large complicated query is very high. 
Provides a single location for collecting and analyzing logs. Provides ease of use for non-technical users, but powerful features for security and IT. There is an add-on/app for anything you could imagine.
Some documentation is vague, and when certain things don't work, it can be difficult to find out a solution to the problem. 
It has definitely met the need of a SIEM. We use Splunk everyday to easily troubleshoot security related and non-security related issues.
Splunk makes it easy to figure out what is going on in your IT environment by aggregating your logs in one easy to use interface.

The ability to create dashboards has been incredibly useful for allowing less advanced user to still be able to run queries on things like accounts lockouts and login attempts.
There is a bit of a learning curve when it comes to writing the queries but not too bad.
troubleshooting IT problems made it easier and faster
search speed can be slow sometimes based on your query
The ease of use for splunk has increased productivity and reduced investigation time. Splunk is a devops and team lead life saver.!
Theres a certification path to using Splunk. Extremently easy to set up reports within minutes which add good value to the company. Reviewing data has been beneficial at both network and server level. Its made Devops lives easy in such a way that all teams can pull relevant information beneficial to them.
There are alternatives available which make Splunk a hard sell for organizations. 
