Utilizing Hi5 energizes sound development and advancement, and by and large, our group is more joyful and more profitable accordingly.
Incredible spot to inspire cooperation. Ideal for perceiving and making noticeable youthful and endorsed abilities with the organization.
The danger that somebody stays under the radar. A fundamental concern is that somebody utilizes it to hurt or not to pundit decidedly others
an easy to use application that brings great gains and clarity to all its users in a very enriching way
we are always in search of excellence and in this way we seek tools that help us to improve the performance and quality of the relationships found by the Hi5 path and we are reverting the results of this in our personal and professional growth
we are not experiencing difficulties because I have nothing negative to use here
Peer Recognition and then viability of this to the exec board 

Easy to use and get started, visibility of the recognition given. 
had some issues with using Gifs to start with, and unable to see the Hi5's that i have given. 
We have not been using much as we did not need it so often. But what I like is the concept of keeping our employees engaged for the possibility to win some prizes + team communication. Pricing is also not so bad.
They could have some integrations to run better HR and leverage data from any source. And also self-rating.
Great
Great and easy platform to feedback to employees on their performance and achievements

No real negatives that pop out right now.
Sending gifts and acknowdging stuff is very easy
Easy to use and recomend to people as well as stating in touch with the organisation
Only people within the organisation have access
helping us give praises and show recognition to our co-workers who did exceptionally well by sending a hi5 to them
the User Interface is simple and easy to use, very simple navigation  
in my opinion too many version updates to my liking
it boosts the team morale when working together as the team.
It gives you moral to improve in your work and also knows that you are being recognized when working hard in the work.
if you get hi 5 you not in the leading board because if you get most hi 5 you should be leading.
I love that it's so easy to hi5 a colleague and that I can animate it by adding Gifs and emojis. I also love that I can back hi5s that were given by other people to deserving colleagues.
There's nothing that i dislike - but perhaps some improvements would be nice, such as allowing for teams to be hi5'd (i.e. support teams). 
It's great to have in any business. Here we can learn from each other and improve in the business world.
Yes, the product is user-friendly. This is the platform where we can acknowledge each other and provide positive feedback.  I like how we can engage with each other here and celebrate each other achievements. 
I have no complaints about the software. I like the setup and how we can move around read other walls. So keep up with the good work - thank you.
Our adventure with Hi5 has so far been incredible. The application gave genuinely necessary representative acknowledgment and commitment.
Hi5 is an extraordinary stage to support representative commitment and energize acknowledgment. We utilized the overviews widely which are instinctive and simple to utilize. It has been very use for use to share our views
Limits on number of clients free of charge
had to cut it due to not being able to view the people who wanted to connect with me
its great in terms of having to meet new people around the world and also make friends from all cultures
doesnt allow one to connect that easily. if it finds a match you have to subscribe to it even to see who viewed your profile
Very Good
It is fun to use and easy to use. Makes the team connect.
Limits on Hi 5 's some weeks you need more than 5 
We are recent using Hi5 for a short time but the acceptation of the solution by the colleagues is great. The easy to use and in special, the opportunity to publish (only for the company) the recognitions do the use of the tool a great place for all of us.
It is easy to use application really friendly. In a view, you can check the contributions and recognitions of the colleagues and, could add your comments, images or smiles. The option to filter the messages that you would like to see in the feed is really fantastic, having a lot of different filters to tune your search. The publication of recognition or message is really easy.
Despite the feed panel is clear, in my opinion, the recognitions boxes are too big and are necessary to do a lot of scrolling.
It is simple and easy to use I love this software.
Costumer service a little cofusing the more I use it the more it gets better
It is an excellent application for the interaction and communication of the employees of a company, allows to know their abilities, skills, hobbies and customs. Something that does not happen very often, with this application it is possible to know and recognize each other and can openly express what they like or dislike about each of their co-workers. Hi5 helps managers obtain detailed information about the team culture in a control panel. Team members use a fun application to give feedback and recognition to their peers. Excellent platform.
It is an application that is full of many errors although they are constantly working on news and improvements to make the application work in the best possible way. And the customer service is excellent. For the rest nothing to complain about a good application within all its limitations
It a very good app, with better UI for all the users specially for me, great responsive touch in all widgets application screen, integration other apps is just one step again and easy to implement.
Im using the Hi5 since last week, haven't found any glitches yet, hope it remains the same until the end of my trial period.
Low staff morale was an issue and this helps move forward with fun.
I like the way I can send an encouraging message to coworkers that motivates and encourages not only them, but others in the team. It has encouraged us to think about our personal values and also our team values.
When inviting people to join, the invite email was deleted by people as they thought it was spam. It would be better to send the link in an email, especially when starting out.
I like that this is a very user friendly software. Even the help desk system is easy to use and prompt on answers.
Sometimes there can be glitches but I think that is due to connectivity. Overall it is a great software!
N/A
I liked that this product was easy to use. I enjoyed using this product.
I feel the interface can be improved. It was not as clean as I would like it to be. 
