to help to save time to other people when bring me support with my laptop on the company where im working..
it brings the option to save time making the remote connection and solve the required by an user on the company
this software is used by It support on the company,  for me its a powerful tool to make remote session secure and complete
I use RealVNC to access our infield IOT devices which operate with raspberry pi computers. It is a very reliable method. Always we can access the devices and monitor their performance without going to the physical location. It eliminates the requirement of using a monitor, mouse and keyboard. The mobile application supports all the features that are in the PC version.  Computers can be shared with other users is another great feature, That way in an emergency we don't want to share our username and passwords with others we can set the permissions to others to use the computer.
It is very easy to set up just need to have an active internet connection. We can directly log into the account and then we can establish a server. Using another computer to listen to the server we can control the previous computer very easily. Supports touch inputs mouse inputs and keyboard inputs. VNC Connect is a cross-platform tool which is available for Windows, Linux, IOs and Android.
When setting up a local network to share the desktop some times it is hard to connect to the servers. IP should be made static by the network router so that the server can be addressed by a fixed IP. Anyway, it is not a problem related to RealVNC. But there are a lot of tutorials that can be followed to configure the servers correctly on for the local network use.
The operating systems do not need to be the same to allow access, so nothing prevents that from one Windows machine can be accessed another running Linux.
UltraVNC is distributed free of charge and is a great help for administrators and network support personnel.
You can even control computers in other states or countries, whether or not they are on the same network.
The UltraVNC is a software recommended only for local networks since it can be extremely dangerous if it is accessible on the Internet without taking the necessary care. Anyone who discovers the password will have full control over the VNC server. Many network administrators block the ports used by the VNC protocol in their firewalls to avoid security problems and naive users.
Very positive. It does what we need it to with no issues as of yet.
It is easy to use this software to remote in and see what someone is doing or take control as needed. Useful for recreating an error or training employees in proper use of a feature, etc.
I do not have any cons yet for this software. It has only ever done what I needed it for and nothing else.
This software is used to monitor several Raspberry Pi's
Powerful remote desktop software that is lightweight.
Remote access becomes more complicated when connecting to computers outside of your local network.
Well VNC was one of the first software for remote desktops I ever used. At the time it was revolutionary software. But it lacked additional comforts other similar software brought with time, like having a device management, remote file sharing, chat system,... Everything did get implemented eventually, but by that time people moved to more modern software. Now they are pretty much equivalent, and you go with the one that is cheeper.
The instant support feature is pretty cool, to transfer sessions between colleagues, it comes in handy.
Our team would not be able to do its job or provide excellent service without the help of Real VNC. 
Real VNC is a tool highly valuable with my team. It allows for our admin. team to access any of our devices super easy. Although the software is not complicated to understand and use, it provides a highly advance use. 
I have yet to find a reason why to not like Real VNC. 
If you got a really small business the cost by year it's just perfect !It's support a lot of platform, this software it's a no brainer if you want something to take control of device.
I wish it's support file transfer in the free version, some of the best feature are only in the entreprise  version
Excellent!!!!
The remote access tool surpasses many in the market, allows the entry of a great help for the monitoring of work stations in the same network. Help in file sharing and remote management of any device.
The only drawback is that when monitoring a station, the desktop background changes to black and does not return to normal. In general terms, excellent software
I like that it is simple.  You can quick and easily download and install.  to get this up and running is fast.  You can also file transfer using it.  Helpful when needing something from a remote computer.
It does lock up occasionally. It is slow.  Your screen refreshes are slower.  It has basic features with nothing fancy.
Application for remote support. Might consider other options
Use this software to connect to computers on local network to troubleshoot any issues. The application is quite easy to use.
There is no file transfer feature in free version.  Overall, the application is similar to the other apps of this kind
I like that RealVNC is very user-friendly and has a lot of features that other VNC software doesn't have.
I also like the customer support. The only downside is that it's a bit pricey.
I use VNC connect to access Raspberry pi computers in my IoT devices. Very easy, It only requires an active internet connection. When the computer starts, if the internet is available server automatically connects otherwise waits for an active connection. We can manage our devices from our profile. We can assign acces rights to other users too. Support cross platforms. 
It just needs an active internet connection to remote desktop the device. Just need to run the server on the device that needs to control. If the device should be accessed over internet user have to log in to their own profile. Otherwise, under the same network, direct access to the IP is provided. From the profile, we can share our devices with others with limited access to the devices. With free accout, we can manage only a limited number of devices.
Problems can occur when trying to connect using a local server, But referring documentation and discussion forums can solve the problem. If disconnects auto connects to the network. Overall easy to use.
I have used other remote control apps in the past and for personal use I have found vnc connect to be one if the best. 
Helping family members with 0 computer skills is easy with VNC connect. I have fixed many a printer problem for family and friends, and with encryption included I have no worries 
The interface isn't as smart as other apps, hopefully this will be updated soon. Don't let this out you off though
I have used this software for years and it has never failed me. I can't rate it highly enough. When someone has an issue with my cloud based systems sometimes the only way to resolve them is to see the users screen. 
Absolutely nothing couldn't be happier with it
Overall it's simple and does the job. I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for simple remote connection to their network.
VNC is very simple and yet very effective. It feels very streamline and functions exactly as you want remote software to function. The ability to save sessions is also a nice feature and it works well across our network.
Though it's excellent in most ways and incredibly simple  to use, this an mean it lacks any other features that might be have been nice. Though extra features are not required really.
I Use it every day, i can remote access every machine on shop floor/production for technical support very easily. My advice is, just try it, you will be surprised with all it can offer.
This is a perfect powerful tool for instantly remote access, in the company i work we use a lot of Thin Clients in shop floor and the most easy way to remote control them is using VNC. Every time that some colleague calls for support I just need a few clicks and Voilá. Other than this, it is cross platform, so if you have linux machines, windows machines, raspberry pi, mac OS with VNC you got it covered.
There is pretty much nothing to say about VNC cons, it is extra light, extra easy to use, simple to set up, i got nothing bad to say about it.
I've asked them to call me twice, the phone's been silent. There's no way I'm going to be able to configure 8 Servers, it's far too complicated. It's going to take days to set this up. Thus, I need a phone call. Nope. Good luck!

Doug
After the nightmare of installation it's stellar.
It's a great solution if you want to connect to your remote machine, easy to setup and start using it
* Really easy to setup
* You can control any computer in any part of the world.
* The connection is reliable

* Audio is not supported between the connected computers, you cannot take meetings using the remote machine.
VNC Connect is an extremely dependable solution for remote configuration. Not once has it failed a login or disconnected. Highly recommended!
I use VNC Connect to remotely configure a Raspberry Pi I use as a media server and NAS on a graphical interface, and once you wrap your head around the proper configuration to do that, VNC is seamless for that implementation. Works perfectly on PC and Mac, and a fantastic value.
It took me personally about 5-10 minutes to figure out the right configuration for the use I detailed above, but once I did that, VNC has worked perfectly for over a year since.
