Fast responses, Intuitive and interactive user interface and modern look.
Searching and filtering in App Overview.
Great tools to help visualize data and also to help promote self service to management team
Slight learning curve for using software, but plenty of online resources available.
Visual appearance (e.g. compared to Power BI - it's much more appealing)
Your possibilities and "custom" settings of visuals are limited and much worse (e.g. comparing to Power BI). You can do only a few pre-defined appearance/behavior changes to your visuals (unless you want to JavaScript your own extensions..)
 It's good to built dashboards for managers, analytical views or quite static reports as well.
Ease of use

Ability to process and present huge volumes of data

Advanced data visualization tools

Very helpful and active community - tons of plug ins, enhancements

In active development, frequent updates that add essential improvements.

Free to use even for commercial (albeit internal) use.
I still haven't understood how Sense joins multiple datasets. I dislike that sometimes the data load on the servers fail. Alsa it can be a smarter connection editor. 
When used to Qlikview (Very satisfied) and no need for mobile functions I would recommend QlikView above Qlik Sense.
Connecting datasources, connecting tables, use of maps, quick loading of data, use of master items, scalable, storytelling features, search capabilities, making easy ad hoc table and charts (on tablet) = self service
I was used to Qlik VIew = right mouse click and that is something very different from Qlik Sense where you have to use Edit / Apply buttons. Insights are premature, finding keys (foreign / primary) needs to be done manual, once altered script it is not possible to use some automatic extract functions. No possibility for pixel perfect dashboard design like QlikView (due to scalability I guess). Licenses cannot be given back once purchased. It is not possible to exchange some Qlikview licenses for Qlik Sense licenses (you have to exchange them all together, or buy new Qlik Sense licenses)
The price isn’t bad for this program, however, it’s not quite as feature-rich as it’s competitors. It’s very user-friendly and has a ton of support online, which many of its competitors do not, so there’s that.
Qlik Sense is very easy to use. When we encountered issues, a quick Google search provided help. As we have used and very much liked QlikView, we had to try this and were certainly not disappointed.
That being said, Qlik Sense isn’t like the “big boys.” It’s almost there, but not quite. The visualization objects are not as varied as we would have liked, especially when it doesn’t support third-party visualizations. This seems like it should be a standard feature. 
Many business units in many locations within the company use Qlik Sense to report their KPIs and efficiency to everyone. All the IT has to do is create table and dashboard structure then the business unit can create its own reports and graphs according to its liking.
- It's scalable. Many business units in various locations in our company use it to report their big data.
- It's live and autonomous. Once it's deployed, it automatically creates up to date reports, so that nobody has to re-create new reports every time.
- It's online. Created dashboards can be viewed in any deviced, anytime as long as there's internet.
- It's easy to use for users to create their own graphics and reports. Not much effort for the IT team.
There's nothing to dislike in terms of functionality, UI and efficiency. Only thing I can criticize is that the name is confusing for some people in business unit. It is obviously chosen intentionally but they keep confusing Qlik with Click.
A modern and innovative tool to satisfy all analytical and business needs. Thanks to the perfect multi-device adaptability it allows you to reach any user. Integration with the different and newest fields in the analytics world (predictive, big data, geo analytics) make it complete.
A modern and innovative tool to satisfy all analytical and business needs. Thanks to the perfect multi-device adaptability it allows you to reach any user. Integration with the different and newest fields in the analytics world (predictive, big data, geo analytics) make it complete.
The complexity of the Qlik Teck proprietary language makes programming less accessible.
Qlik has transformed the way people conduct their meetings. Meetings are more efficient because people no longer spend half of their time finding and debating the accuracy and validity of the data. This frees up time to focus on strategy and what the data is telling us about our direction of travel.

+ Intuitive to use for the end users and the UI
+ Qlik's associative data model,
+ Qlik Sense's user self service functionality/ self service BI
+ Interactive analysis where almost anything can be searched from the depths of data through global search and selections which respond quickly.
+ In-memory engine - The data is already loaded in RAM, so it's fast.
+ Fast analytics - Creating charts and dashboards is easy and fast.
+ The network of community experts to answer your questions is above and beyond any of its competitors.
- Cost of license is a bit higher.
- AI capabilities - this has just been introduced, so it might improve in upcoming versions.
- Real-time data refresh without limitations.
- More visual customization options.
- Out-of-the-box visualizations are of limited functionality like changing fonts, colors, applying themes.
In Memory engine
Associative data modelling
Single and Multi-node deployments
Ease of use
Supports Self service BI


Customer Support
Data management and Governance
Security
لشركتنا الكثير من الوقت وبالتالي توفير المال. تجربة المطورين جيدة حقًا وتسمح لنا بالتحول السريع لعملائنا ويمتك اشي كثير
قوة اللون الرمادي  تجربة المستخدم هي المفتاح
الأمر الأكثر إثارة للقلق هو عدم سهولة التكامل مع التحكم في المصدر.


The expanded capabilities that QlikSense has from it's earlier product family including its Associative Engine include agile analytics across governed libraries, visualizations with features such as density mapping to manage more complex programs across projects, including supply chains and industries. They offer advanced analytics platforms leveraging emerging technologies and  tools, API's, bots for self-service, and leverage an ecosystem of best in breed partner solutions such as Microsoft's cognitive engine and narrative science to deliver deepened insights and capabilities, all depicted through compelling, robust visualizations and reporting to give real time insights in multi-faceted areas, and do scenario planning.
As trial members, we have not actually gone through deployment and integration across an enterprise, so we can't speak to the ease of this or deploying the AI tools (how embedded they are as app or how much custom development needs to be done).  However, the demo data and enhancements to the visualizations and insights obtained is compelling enough that they stand out as a serious contender as a leader in the BI space.
Connecting to data sources is simple and manipulating the data into a usable, non-bulky data model is simple using the Data Manager feature. Creating visualization is a breeze. There is plenty of assistance in the Qlik forums for anything you need help with. 
As it is meant to be an easy-to-use design tool, there is little room for personalization and customization as these would be considered more advanced features. Sometimes it would be nice to be able to manipulate the objects as you can do in QlikView.
The manner in which I present data as opposed to utilizing turn tables or dashboards in Excel, I rather really like to utilize Qlik or Power BI, this can assist with recounting stories over the data you need to introduce, it assists with going further and to follow an intelligent grouping.
It helps endeavors everywhere on the world work more intelligent, move quicker, and place progressed examination in the possession of everybody. It combines, picture, investigate, and load information effectively regardless of how little or huge the information is. It makes and offers intelligent dashboards in a sensible climate. It engages everybody in the association to settle on better choices. It upholds an expansive assortment of insightful use cases including self-administration perceptions, guided dashboards, portable examination, revealing, and some more.
Qlik Sense is useful for basic examination. In any case, it isn't that simple to set up "imagine a scenario in which" situations, further developed factual investigation, and custom stuff. - The coding of conditions is very muddled. - Better client assistance from deals. - Better client assistance assist with tackling issues with the apparatus and redesigns. - Better ease of use for composing conditions by the end-client.
Free and relatively easy to use on an overall scale.
Forces you to upsell to Qlikview, which is often cost-prohibitive
Its association engine is killer and at the heart of BI. Depth of customization available and ease of use.
Also connect to a lot of data sources and create a single view of all your data.
Product has everything that a business intelligence tool should offer. There is not much negative to it
The ease of preparing dashboards with Qlik is the best part along with the ease of viewing for our end users
The backend script could be changed by making into another language . There could be options for us to choose any language we prefer for scripting. 
overall experience is second to none, this BI tool is simply the best on the market, the in memory associative engine just sets it apart from anything else.
having developed in qlikview for a number of years was amazing, but then qlik sense came along and it completely changed my thinking of anything bi related.... qlikview seemed very old in comparison, but sense is just amazing, the speed to insights and dashboards is utterly astounding. to be able to go from data to insights and output takes minutes instead of hours. i wouldnt ever look elsewhere at a visualisation tool, the SAAS offering just continues to grow what feels like almost weekly and they are starting to offer some incredible things. the drag and drop functionlaity of developing dashboards, the insights advisor and the new stylish hub is amazing.
nothing.... i simply love this BI tool!! 
Easy of implementation. Very fast learning curve. Easy and intuitive for our users. Nice graphics.
The price, I think it's a little expensive. Also, we think it needs a read-only user license.
Their complete set of open APIs  enable me fully customize analytics solutions and full control over the business
Their visual charts and complete set of open ApIs  enable me fully customize analytics solutions,help me grow fast
I don't dislike any feature except pricing should be reduced to 10 percent so that small business owners can also benefit with this product
