Very feature rich platform - we really only needed it for procurement but ended up using the receiving, assets and invoice matching modules.  In a nutshell, easy to understand, 100 users all humming along very happy with it - Mikrofax sales team were very knowledgeable and after sales support has been excellent - they literally respond within minutes at any emails we send them.  Overall very happy and currently looking at deploying the supplier portal and punchout system.
Highly effective tool once trained
Great reports
Simple RFQ platform
Ideally we wanted an on-premise solution but we didn't have the expertise in house to run a full blown SaaS system
We had a good experience and are still having a good one.
It has the wow factor when you first start to use it you realize you  should have had it years ago.  It really made us realize how behind the times we were.   We love the fact all our users see the same information and the requestors can see whats in stock before ordering replacements.
we wanted to export reports in XML format but that wasn't possible - we realize its a bit of an unusual request so its not really the systems fault  - they Eyvo team, are working on that aspect now.
We have managed to monitor our costs more closely and get regular savings analysis from the system.  Our finance people really like it and have become more efficient not chasing bits of paper anymore
We like the fact that they are improving the system with constant new features.  They appear to be very aware of what the competition is doing and are ensuring the platform has all the latest features. 
We would like to host the system ourselves and that now appears to be an option we can pursue.
Before we got this system in place will be using a combination of spreadsheets and Post-it notes and random bits of paper we also had a big problem with Maverick purchasing where unapproved POs were made with no oversight and no control. The Eyvo system has solved all that and given us a lot of added benefits that we did not perceive at the time.
As a user I appreciate the straightforward nature of the workflow and the design of the screens is not confusing. I have used many large procurement solutions in the past from Oracle to SAP and they all seem to be designed for people much smarter than me I have had no issues learning the system or managing our processes in it it's proven to be reliable highly functional and gives our company exactly what we needed.
I cannot currently think of anything really wrong with the system the only thing I would mention is that it did take us quite a long time to deploy but that really wasn't the fault of the process or the programme it was more due to our own internal staffing issues and trying to find enough time to sit down and start using the system but once we were rolling we were all on board and very happy.
We were looking at all the other systems here - none of them had the features vs price ratio better than the eBuyerAssist system.  We spent 6 months surveying systems before we decided on this one - and we are very happy - would highly recommend.
We have been using Mikrofax's OnLine procurement solution for 2 years and we have been delighted with its function and fit for our business.  We were up and running within 10 days from the install date and we found Mikrofax personnel to be knowledgeable and helpful.  We raise all our orders through the system and the system hasn't missed a beat ' furthermore their customer service is virtually instant and is outstanding.  I would have no hesitation in recommending their product or service.

 
Our users are all over the place and sometimes travelling so mobile use was pivotal.  We bought this system as we felt it gave us the best price and impact 
We like that we could easily have our requestors use it from the mobile app and also do the approvals from the app.  its very convenient and quick. We also like that our vendors can maintain their catalogs on the system as well as us using the catalog punchout ability
Bigger fonts on the mobile app pls !  Its sometimes a bit hard to see if your eyesight isn't too good although we do understand that its a powerful system with a lot of info on a tiny screen.
So simple to setup - we were operational within 2hrs of it being activated - linked to Quickbooks - it automatically sync'd our vendors and chart of accounts and we started raising orders.  The vendor portal is one of the best features - really engages the suppliers into the buying process.  We are now going to be rolling out the RFQ module to our users.   The team at Mikrofax are very easy to work with.
Eyvo software is very user friendly and simple to learn and use. 
The Eyvo software helped us to shorten the time from receiving the offer to the offer being approved. With Eyvo software offers are visible to adequate person almost immediately so there is no more waiting or calling to get the approval. Since our firm has three or sometimes even four approval levels – before Eyvo we used to spend a lot of time just getting approvals. 
Not really any large cons. It is really easy to use.
Our firm has been working with Mikrofax and their eProcurement software since 2004. In January 2013, we upgraded to eBuyerAssist, which the Purchasing Department has been extremely pleased with. The transfer of our data from the old system to the new was a challenge, but the Mikrofax team worked dilligently to ensure the transition went smoothly. The current solution is easy to navigate and utilize, while robust enough to provide all required functionality, such as creating requests, orders, RFQ's, matching invoices, receiving goods, and reporting. The Mikrofax support team has always quick to respond and correct any issues, which have been minimal, and are are always open to suggestions that could enhance their product. Overall, the solution has been an asset to the Purchasing Department in managing our day to day responsibilities, and we are hoping to eventually expand it's use to many of our global offices.
I was tasked with reviewing 5 different eProcurement products - what impressed me about this product was their sales team was very knowledgeable about every aspect from usage to integration to  deployment ; They responded to our numerous pre-sales questions within minutes allowing the project to move at a fast pace. We finally selected them for their innovation, and continuous development process - we have had the system for 4 months and have already seen new and interesting functionality provided to us at no extra cost like a full invoice approvals suite.  Our staff like it find it much easier to use than our previous system - plus their 24/7/365 user support is not a myth - they answer the phone at 3am !  Cant beat that.
EbuyerAssist is ideal for monitoring the life cycles of each contract with which it is going to work, and it is also good for assembling and indexing documents. EbuyerAssist is also recommended to handle audit records. 
This service handles automated quoting, and also allows the creation of customizable brands and the direct management of product catalogs. It can be said that EbuyerAssist is used to handle documents of all kinds, even if they are of a commercial nature. 
Ebuyer does not provide workflow accessibility permissions to other members attached to the service. It does not handle compliance monitoring, and does not offer a calendar where document presentations can be organized, so the work can be difficult to exercise. 
We had to upgrade from an older system that we had outgrown
We were in a hurry to get a new procurement system and this one seemed to have the best reviews and the best value in terms of feature set.  We couldn't be happier - we deployed it in a week and its been rock solid ever since.  We have put thru 25,000 orders thru it so far and its been very reliable.
Nothing worth mentioning - the product has met all our objectives
The data architecture offered by EbuyerAssist is really flexible as opposed to other services that allow working with data frames for business machines. It is thanks to that that people can ask their questions about all processes. 
EbuyerAssist determines the extension of our infrastructure at a technological level. We loved this service to be able to collect and analyze all the hidden value that our databases provided by said structure possessed. Its fixed asset system is very fast. 
We do not like that it does not offer a broad view of servers, including traffic on them and attached devices. It does not currently work with servers, user traffic, or simply clouds. In addition, their tools for procurement management are really scarce. 
We looked at many different solutions - a lot of the systems listed on Capterra are inflexible and you have to do it their way - we found this to be a problem - what we liked about Mikrofax's tool  was their flexibility in problem solving - we don't have a standard procurement process but we were sold on the expert help in explaining how their system could map onto our process.  It proved to be correct - its has made a big difference to the process here.  One other aspect we looked carefully at was how easy is it to use - does it need a lot of training - we discovered the answer is NO - we had our users punching out orders within 5 days of deployment - we were very impressed.
It has a lot of features such as strong customer service
There are no major negatives This is very good of eBuyerAssist Platform
We wanted one system across the whole business that would suit the different business units - and manage their procurement expectations for ease of use.
We liked that the system support multi-company setups across different countries and currencies.  We have a complex corporate setup and the Eyvo system managed it straight out of the box.  We found the Eyvo team incredibly helpful on boarding us and that helped the deployment become successful.  The screens are very logically laid out and the system has deep functionality with its approvals process.
We wanted a foreign language version in Chinese office but they do not have that yet but other than that the system has been great for us.
The ability to export our reports and import/export data was really useful for our integration plans.  Great features - helpful company. 
More foreign language support would be good
Our company is divided up into different divisions with different teams doing their own thing and using the system has managed to bring everybody into the buying process doing it the same way so we have really benefited from that.  We would recommend this system.
We really like the system as it gives us timely reporting and has solved several problems for us. Our requestors  like having the budget information available before the requests are entered, our buyers like the ability to edit the orders at any stage of the process which we found not many other systems allow.  The approvers like the ability of approving on their mobile phones with the dedicated app which is really simple to use.  We will probably be deploying more of the modules over the next 12 months.
We have users in the UAE that would like the system to be in the Arabic language and currently the system does not support that
Very impressed with this system - I have used many in the past including some of the big ones like SAP and Oracle and I have never had such a smooth deployment out to our user base.  150 users went live on this product in one week - we now have our engineers sending in their requests to the buying team who are checking the approvals seamlessly, budget holders see at a glance how much they have to spend and even the suppliers love the interaction they can have with us now.    It really made a seismic shift in the way we approach our workflow and paper shuffling.  But what really sold us on this system was the dynamic development - the team at Mikrofax are constantly pushing forward with new ideas and these filter into the system at a constant rate - we love the new invoice Approvals module that just went live at no extra cost to us.  Would happily recommend.
