We were told during the sell cycle that it take about 1-2 months implement the software and it took us more than six months. Supplier on-boarding process needs improvement. Overall, we are not too pleased with Transcepta. We have to do lot of custom development to make Transcepa work for us.
Integration with Oracle Supplier Network.
Not as friendly as advertise for suppliers to send the invoice and supporting documents. The EDI submission doesn't support MIME attachments which defeats the purpose of automation as suppliers have to send it manually. On-boarding process is very slow compare to what Transcepta advertise.
Transcepta Supplier On-Boarding Team - Quickly On boarded Motorola suppliers into E-Invoicing Program. 
Customer Helpdesk Team – Provide prompt responses and very supportive.
Transcepta feature Motorola like the most - PO Flip Process, Parking Lot, Dashboard and Reports.
Another brilliant Feature Transcepta provides various Invoice submitting options (EDI, XML, CSV, Online Supplier Portal, Emailed PDF Invoices, Fax, and Virtual Printer) to suppliers

Enhancement and development timeline captivating more time to deliver.
Better to have a Test Environment.

Transcepta was easy to learn. It's a secure website that allows vendors to send invoices to their customers.
I like that this website is very straight forward and layout is clean and simple. I had one experience with customer service and it was good.
The website crashes more than an average website. 
Very good
Ease of use and clear path of data flow.
Testing enhancements or changes is cumbersome
Transcepta four years back in 2015 with just 17 core suppliers and basic functionality. We did a optimization project in 2017 to make Transcepta the only way US & Canada suppliers submit invoices - today 95% of our invoices come via Transcepta. It's no cost for suppliers to onboard and submit invoices - so they don't mind too. We use limited version of cloud match functionality - works for most situations - some scenarios unique to our company, we complement that with additional code on our integration side. We have struggled with adoption of Transcepta in our international sites - because Transcepta is English only and offers only US hours support, so if a supplier is stuck submitting the invoice or registering, we lose a day due to time zone difference and suppliers usually give up,
Use support is responsive No charge to Suppliers for submitting invoices Cost Effective Good Reporting Great supplier onboarding
hours limited Mutli Language portal support missing
Transcepta has been very responsive to the City's needs. They have developed items like a "parking lot" to help reduce the rejection rate and allow the City and vendors to make any necessary corrections. 
Easy to navigate and review dashboard information. I like the ability to download certain reports and dashboard info into Excel and analyze. The PO Flip option has been extremely helpful for our small and local businesses. 
Initially the City did not have a way to review invoices prior to being rejected. However, the Transcepta team addressed our needs. 
The overall experince has been great and the support from all departments has been great
The ease of submitting invoices via email and matching correctly to the purchase orders.
The ability for the users to see the statuses of their invocies.
Would like to provide customers more reporting options that are downloadble in excel
Transcepta is a very cost effective tool and it's free to the supplier!  This software is great for companies looking to automate and reduce the number of touchpoints when processing AP invoices.  Transcepta is has great customer service and truly listens to their clients to understand their needs.  They are a great business partner. 
We haven't been able to deploy this use of Transcepta internationally.  We have struggled with the connection to Ebus tax in Oracle.  The issue as I understand it is way we have deployed Ebus tax.  This will require additional review of deployment and cost benefit. 
Transcepta was super easy to learn. You can submit invoice by emailing it in or creating a manual invoice on Transcepta. If your vendor rejects an invoice I like how you can click edit, make changes and then re submit. 
I like that the this software is promoting people to go paperless. It is a simple way to send invoices electronically to vendors who are subscribed to this software. 
More than twice Transcepta website has been down for more than 5 minutes. Not sure if the problem was the server for the website but it seem like it. 
Has improved our invoice processing by automating 20k invoices a year.
No significant issues to report - system does what we want.
Overall experience is good and it has good support when we invite them for issues 
UI, comfortable even for first time users, Compatible with Oracle EBS, Quick interfacing of invoices
Reports took longer time need to cut down the dates when we run reports using date range,  Invoice PDF parsing fails at times and we need to reprocess the invoices
Terrible response time to help.
I do not like nothing about this software. Our vendors have basically turned over their billing department to their suppliers. 
I have a 30k invoice stuck in limbo and this company will not help get it to the right company. Been 5 months now. 
We started off with Transcepta four years back in 2015 with just 17 core suppliers and basic functionality. We did a optimization project in 2017 to make Transcepta the only way US & Canada suppliers submit invoices - today 95% of our invoices come via Transcepta. It's no cost for suppliers to onboard and submit invoices - so they don't mind too. We use limited version of cloud match functionality - works for most situations - some scenarios unique to our company, we complement that with additional code on our integration side. 
We have struggled with adoption of Transcepta in our international sites - because Transcepta is English only and offers only US hours support, so if a supplier is stuck submitting the invoice or registering, we lose a day due to time zone difference and suppliers usually give up, and requires follow-up.
Easy of Use
support is responsive
No charge to Suppliers for submitting invoices
Cost Effective
Good Reporting
Great supplier onboarding support
Non US support hours limited
Mutli Language portal support missing

See pro's...same.  One side plus, when implementing I was blessed with being able to work with the one and only customer executive (smartest guy I know)!  Amazing...
This product was easy to stand up, deploy and is very cost effective. Transcepta is the perfect paring for a company that grows through acquisition, needs a technical footprint that includes automation and reduction of touchpoints when processing AP invoices. Transcepta has amazing customer service and caters to the business need. In addition, it's free to your supplier! Adoption for onboarding is absolutely a breeze as a result. No-brainer..


I wish that the product could be more easily deployed outside of the U.S. The big issue that I'm aware of is tax and the different tax requirements from country to country. We explored it's use and it was very expensive to use because of the tax hooks and customization around tax. It's less money to process rest of world invoices through my shared service team in India.  
Representative has leveraged  transcepta services for the last 10 years and has developed a great business relationship.  Transcepta became a part of the representative technology road map to convert incoming paper invoices to an electronic format, which helped to achieve invoice automation goals.   
The software allows submitting vendors to utilize many formats to transmit invoices for example, open PDFs, XML, CSV etc.. Also like the collaborative nature of the transcepta team to review and resolve issues as they arise. 
Wish there was a better process to communicate when submissions fail. For example, we had two instances where vendor's file submission failed and a couple months passed without the submitting vendor being  aware or, the representative team wasn't aware that an incoming file failed in order to help with the communication.  
I like that the information is available in real time.
The software gives the illusion that when clicking on certain things, relevant information will display. In reality, irrelevant information is displayed instead. When I click on the number of invoices, I would expect to see a list of the actual invoices, not a "business card" for the companies that submitted invoices. 
Good, the customer support team @ Transcepta is always available to assist.
The multiple submission functions that Transcepta offers to our suppliers to submit invoices.
Mapping functions and creating rules prior to system implementation.  Additional changes to resolve issues required change orders. 
We have been using Transcepta for years and their level of customer service is superb
Once vendor is onboarded to Transcpeta, invoice submission is a painless process.
Service is all English which is great for most of our suppliers, however, there is room for improvement on Transcepta's services to cater to our small population of international suppliers.
The goal is to pay suppliers quicker that our previous manual process. We've seen a drastic improvement in supplier payments. Management is a frustrated with the change order process: costs and implementation of changes. Transcepta has worked with us to reduce the cost of some of the charges, but there are other changes or updates that we'd like to make that are cost prohibitive at this time.
The automation is great. Purchase Orders are transmitted electronically to on-boarded suppliers at least a couple of times a day. Invoices, if completed by the supplier correctly, are paid in a much faster manner than before.
We're still working through issues involving invoices that are submitted with incorrect information. We most recently implemented the Parking Lot feature in 2 phases. Phase 1 is complete. Phase 2 should be complete by end of 2019. Until both phases are complete, all incorrect invoices are rejected back to the supplier. Eventually the goal is to make minor corrections to the invoice, accept the invoice and pay the supplier. Setting up the rules has been tricky.
The customer support has been excellent. They are knowledgeable, friendly and provide prompt service. They have been able to  work with certain suppliers who require specialized rules on their invoices. 
The dashboard makes it easy to monitor individual supplier invoice submissions and rejections. Being able to see the error message makes it easier to work with the supplier to correct the issue. UI is user friendly. 
The dashboard would benefit from added features. Example, being able to see the submission method for each supplier on their profiles, being able to see which email address the invoices are coming from, being able to view more than 10 invoices at a time. It would be nice to be able to hyperlink the user email addresses.
