I like the fact that it's an easier plateform to use that the others.
The fact that the options are limited and it encounters isuues sometimes.
Issues we had were mainly with the Polycom's.  we have 3.  In the 2.5 years we are here in the Dublin office 2 have been replaced very quickly so very happy with the service.
Ease of use and when there is an issue prompt response of support team.
took me a while to get used to using the headphones but all good now
I use Fuze to cold call clients in my pipeline. I love how you can mask the area code to match that of who you are calling. I also love how the click to call function is integrated and works with Salesforce as well. I use this to complement email marketing with YesWare.
I wish texting were more clear cut using Fuze on my desktop. It is not very intuitive/user friendly.
well, all the day i am using fuze, it is a good software to communication 
the use is easy and friendly, many options are easy to find 
maybe some times the loud to out is something that will be improve 
Good mobility for the users, good of option to make home working
Issues with home wifi networks, difficult to solve this issues
Using Fuze has allowed us to create open lines of communicat internally as well as externally.
I like the visibility elements of Fuze and being able to view their status.  I also like being able to hide certain conversations, but still being able to view the history of that conversation if needed.  I like the ease and ability of being able to provide my meeting link to whoever I need to.
There are a lot of glitches with the software, desktop and mobile versions.  They are not always synched up.  I have some employees who have issues running other softwares or websites during a phone or video conference.
Je n'ai pas tester et je n'ai pas envie suite à l'abonnement forcer après deux heures
Abonnement non résiliable après 2 heures d'essai ?  Mail dans  le courrier indésirable

Je n'ai pas envie de tester... une arnaque consommateur


Conferencing capabilities of Fuze are quite good. The software is so simple to use because of its intuitive interface. You can actually rely on it when it comes to video conferencing. 
Fuze is based on cloud computing. You cannot access everything according to your wish like: you cannot add a phone number until and unless you register a MAC address with Fuze.
Integrates well with outlook. I have used this at meetings with the board in time past and it's worked perfectly well.
Comes with a friendly user interface which makes navigation very breezy.
I wish the team behind this tool reiterate enough as this program appears to be the same thing I used two years ago.
Works well for the most part. Biggest complaints are surrounding call/meeting quality.
Fuze integrates well across different devices. Meetings are easy to setup via the app or Outlook.
Call quality can be hit and miss. App does have glitches at times on outlook, updates can crash the application where it needs to be uninstalled/cleaned before it is installed again.
It worked well for work chats and links with phone voicemail.  The chat service was fast and pretty user friendly as well. I would recommend for small to medium sized businesses. 
I like that it worked well for work chats and links with phone voicemail. It stored my voicemail from my work phone so I could listen while still on my computer or laptop. The chat service was fast and pretty user friendly as well. 
I think some of my co workers had phone and voicemail issues but none for me. 
We have been using this for the past 1 year and it is good so far.
The good thing about fuze is you can directly make a voice and video call directly without scheduling a meeting invite. Hence that saves time. You can also invite others to the voice and video and can share your screen instantly. This is a big plus when compared to other tools which are out there in the market.
Voice call is lagging sometimes , even though the internet connection is good. If they fix this, it will be a good competitor for all the products in the market.
Service overall is great, however support is poor and slow. ATA devices notoriously have a lot of problems and outages compared to phones.  Also bulk update/changes to devices through the portal for items to keep things stable are not available and require tickets to support which is hard to schedule to prevent outages.
Ease of use and deployment. Messaging between people is also very nice and efficient.
Ability to clear cache or Items to reduce clutter. 
Clear calls, reliable service, and pretty good for your dollar. 
Often if you try to go a cheaper route you end up getting a service that isn't as reliable. In our business we have call center staff that need a reliable phone service and that is what it is. 
Right now we pay on usage but I wish we could just pay a flat fee and keep it stead throughout the year. 
Great to use, I like the fact that the Fuze extension recognizes phone numbers and I can just click them to call.
A lot of technical issues that we've run into in regards to conference calls and more. Buggy.
Really negative. We went with Fuze thinking it was a good price for what it offered, what we got instead was a headache that has dragged on for years. We even tried cancelling our account and had a hard time doing that. I would absolutely NOT recommend this to my colleagues or anyone else running a small business or non-profit. 
We mostly used Fuze for broadcasting webinars and hosting conference calls. Some of my most-liked features were helpful but not unique to Fuze. For example, their recording feature is generally easy to use and stores it in your account for streaming or downloading. Dial-in numbers were easy enough to use, and generally were used without issue. 
Where do I start? I found the service unreliable most of the time. Service would be down or slow frequently. When you're about to go live with 90+ people waiting for your webinar, this is a problem! The back end is incredibly confusing (ThinkingPhones or Fuze? They merged and didn't do it well), and their customer support is by far the worst I've experienced. They are awful at following up on tickets, rarely can give you a clear answer, and don't seem to know their way around their own product. Their are constantly "updating" their software with zero improvement to quality of the service. 
It is not stable at all is easy to find a different bug each day and with all the different communication platforms out there this one easily would be the last one that I would use
The platform is easy to use and user friendly 
It is not a stable software, is problematic to look for old chat messages
Overall I love this product. The calls are clear and rarely drop. It is very user friendly, takes no time at all to learn
I love how easy it is to call or chat with anyone at work. I have used other chat products but the fact that I can call and check my messages from the same app is wonderful.
The only other thing I would like out of this software is a way to export my call list or contact data.
I am very happy with the Fuze system and highly recommend it.
The phone system provides a great sound quality and it is easy to change users.
It takes a while to get customer service help but they are working on that.
What I like the most about Fuze is the simplicity and reliability. Video conferencing is great, all that you need and want. Interface is also great, with bright colours it is a nice touch.
I don't have any cons to name - it is really reliable and haven't failed once during meetings.
