Not many equipment rental softwares can cater to construction equipment rental industry. But this one nailed it in terms of operation processes and pricing methods. This software certainly helps to improve a company's processes by leaps. Not only the software, the support was the best we've experienced so far. Although we are located much further away from the United States and some requirements may be different, they're always willing to listen and help us. Can't wait to make use of all the features available in this software.
We know there is no one best solution for everyone because every business is different. The software is very good, and their team is constantly working on better features, which is what we really appreciate. We thought the bundle feature could be more robust in terms of its flexibility to swap items within a bundle. This would definitely be more helpful for us. It would also be good if we can have more control over the customization of the printout templates in terms of the placement of different fields and line items.
We are still setting this up to fit our needs. Customer support is very responsive when asked questions on how to achieve certain outcomes with the software.
User Friendly, easy to upload existing asset information, and the ability to track maintenance through work orders.
Would like to be able to edit the default fields.
It’s pretty easy to use once you get the hang of the system, The software learns and help you as you go along 
The system has worked great for us and we haven’t found any problems 
Quotation System that is organized! 
You'll be done in minutes! Easy and quick! Saves time!  Everything is there all you need is too arrange and design your layout based on your needs!
Been looking for this for a long time.  
You'll be done in minutes! Easy and quick! Saves time!  Everything is there all you need is too arrange and design your layout based on your needs!
Been looking for this for a long time.  
We love it
We love it that it is easy for us to track our orders
Custom Pricing is a bit complicated on the way it is setup. Not a major issue right now coz we were able to find a work around and adjusted our pricing.
its taken quite some time for me to understand the product and is not user-friendly. but once you get the hang of it its pretty useful.  i would not recommend this to most people though.
Lots of functions to add customers, products, assets, etc. 
the wording is a big issue, such as when you get to inputting prices on things. 
its a big issue trying to do a return/swap option when a customer wants to change their order but its already been 'sold' 
updating the prices of items as a whole.
Im starting with thi experience and I think it will be helpful to control my assets
To know the availability of my machines everytime, you can see how many assets you have rented or available to be rented.
Some times you have to restart o refresh the window even when you wrote some words it didnt saves it.
Easy management of the assets, easy navigation, neat design 
complicated adding locations, planning maintenance, etc. also takes a lot of time to load different pages, invoices are  only possible to do in English
We rent out digital cameras and media equipment and EZRentOut has been a life  saver.  Very easy to use. Some advance features are missing but we have been committed their implementation, so cant complain!
it was difficult to figure it out but once i did it became second nature
that you have to keep reverting to the costumer name in order to view orders even if the costumer has several orders
Our primary goal for using EZRentOut was to reduce our inventory reporting in order to rent out more inventory with less confusion. EZRentOut was instrumental in delivering a system that allowed us to do this. 
I really like the versatility of  the software which can handle many different types of orders. EXRentOut's software can handle pretty much whatever we throw at it. Additionally, when we do run into an exception their support team is quick to assist. 
Not much to say for things I like least. I will mention that some of the order templates are hard to edit at first but once you have done it a few times, you get the hang of it. 
The UI  easy to navigate, ability to transfer to QuickBooks convenient, setup was a snap and the price is right
I don't use all fields while processing returns and would like a way to add/eliminate to speed things up. Is that feature there and I'm missing it?
The software is easy to use, and provides good inventory options.
There could be more customization options, but the software overall is very good.
EZ Rent Out has covered every situation involving rental of equipment.  This indeed lessens the problem of overbooking or double booking.  It's also good to keep track of equipment movement.
Cumbersome to navigate through asset and asset stocks.  A set of navigation button would be great for you to jump to the next item instead of going back to the list.  Or, a short cut list of items in the left hand side for fast navigation would be great!
We rent out hospital equipment and this app keeps everything 1000% more organized. 
How easy it makes renting things out. It simplifies things. 
Nothing!!! Everything is easy and makes my job easier 
It is a convenient and inexpensive program that helps everyone who has a business
The capabilities of the system are few and useless
Overall this program has helped pick our rental business off the ground and functions as we wish it would.
This software makes is easy to implement our new rental program and is quite user friendly.
There are some learning curves with the software and some placement/editing options that seem to be counter-intuitive.
the software gave you all the features it promised, the software correctly integrated with my account system which  produced invoices for all my clients at the florist. very happy with the service 
only been using the software for a couple of months but still had no problems so im very happy overall along with my staff.
great
adding things to cart and notify the concerned parties
its easy to integrate with any of the services application and it uses latest technologies like AWS
Enjoying and happy with it so far
Ease of use and ability to see all the options 
Difficult to edit a rental order if it has expired past the due date 
