I love the simplicity of creating new invoices.
Lack of customization for the invoices. 
Easy invoicing 
I love it and it's free, I'm only a light user , just the odd invoice now and then but I would recommend to anyone and if i need to do more I would definitely use the paid for version 
Don't have any, then I'm only a light user , but if I was a bigger user I'm sure it would be brilliant but I don't mind have the little invoice ninja logo in corner I love it, so go out and buy the full version so I can keep getting the free version!
It just works! Really well-built and easy to use. Been using it to invoice clients from live chat scenarios for years. 
Sometimes the mobile experience is a bit frustrating on web-app
I use the self hosted version!

1) Very simple to install
2) Very simple to update
3) Very fast interface with direct preview of the invoice
4) Very comfortable api
The Invoice Design is very minimalistic/simple. There a not options like indent positions or subtotal of lines. There is no option to assign the "payment" method to the invoice.
I love that it is so simple and does just what is needed for creating invoices. I like how quickly features are added and developed.

LOVE the self-hosted option.

I love that they add the powered by logo. I'm not ashamed to show off the system I use. It does a good job.

Love the cost (Free, $20/year white label).

Modules that can be shut off is amazing to help reduce clutter in the interface for things you do not use.

Delete does not literally mean dropped from database. They can still be viewed if needed.

The history option is phenomenal on invoices.

Super sexy interface with option of black or white. The invoice looks very professional. Easy to download and print. 

Recurring invoices and reminders make life more simple. 

Quick responses from support.


A major release does not constitute major changes from what I've noticed. 
Consistency is lacking. 
IE: Invoices are given IDs but expenses are not. It's really un-clear that you should click "Monthly" to access the expense whereas with invoices, you click the ID.  Invoices lacks the "Recurring" button but Expenses has it. The flow of adding a new expense is not consistent with that of adding an invoice.

Payment dates and notes cannot be imported from other systems.

Reports are great but could use some work. The search is great, but its not possible to export those results. When you start filtering from your search, it doesn't perform calculation based on the filtered results.

Credits are not handled as smoothly as they could be.

Search does not yield all results; invoices disappear when a client is closed/ archived.
It's been a great experience so far. They don't have anything unnecessary to waste time on, and it looks sharp. I haven't had any issues.
I love how crisp and clean it makes our invoices look. I love that Invoice Ninja integrates with stripe (a really big deal for us!) and I really like their recurring billing options. It's also got a great dashboard for clients to manage their bills on, and I love that they can do partial payments and we can both see where their tab is at. I've tried a lot of invoicing systems and this is by far my favorite.
I can't think of anything I dislike about Invoice Ninja.
Easy to use, integrates with Zapier, lots of customisation available
Sometimes not clear where to find things, updates occasionally without warning
It is perhaps the best customizable self-hosted alternative out there if you are tech savvy. If not, their hosted cloud solution is amazing. I compared both versions and both are the same. My issue was the self-hosted install. It had nothing to do with Invoice Ninja, but more to do with my lack of server knowledge. You really need to know what you are doing. Anyhow, the folks at Invoice Ninja stand behind their product and will assist even with your self-hosted install. They were very responsive on the online forum. Probably the best customer service I have ever received from a tech company.  I couldn't be happier...
Very little! the only thing that bugged me was the lack of some default settings (like specifying default currency and country in the CLIENT portal). Expense tracking could be a bit easier too. But neither of these are deal breakers.
Wonderful, would recommend to anyone looking for invoice management software (and then some)
InvoiceNinja is feature packed with more features and customization then you'll ever need. 
So cheap it feels like I'm stealing. The cost is more than worth it!
I asked for support setting up PayPal for payment since the instructions on the website don't work. He said that PayPal may have changed something on their end and he said that he's not going to look into this. He said that it's working for him. So I asked him to set up a demo account and follow his own steps, which takes no more than 10 minutes to do, but he refused to do so. He pretty much refused to provide support.
I am a paying customer.
Easy to use with the basic features. Reasonable pricing
Advanced setup is not easy to use because it lacking proper instructions.
Horrible support. The person in charge of support is the main developer and as he says on himself- He is good with programming and not with providing support. Even though he responds relatively quickly, his support level is very poor.
Very simple, easy to start, cheap! Nice clean layout.
No cons as yet, but would have also love accounts receivable sections.
First good, then bad bad.... wasted my time, and made my mood very low.... 
Had the basic features. Interface wasn't that great, but found my way. 
They lured me into setting this up thinking it was free, when it wasn't. 
They have a cunning marketing strategy that gets you to do this, then charge you when trial runs out. They actively hide information on their pricing package to make you believe functionality is for free. Just stay away. Try Zoho or any other provider. 

The customer support was not great either. Negative, didn't feel like they really cared, didnt respond to my actual concerned, just sent generic answers. Guess the employees are discontent working for this shitty company... 
Easy to use.
Easy to deploy.
Full featured.
Docker container.
Nothing really, the product seems great. Super easy to run in a docker container.
I have to say the support is awesome whenever I had a question or query they would assist and point me in the right direction. Love working with them, I buy the yearly subscription license for my clients as we host it locally and use softaculous for the installation which makes the installation easier to the web hosting, as the cost of the software in South Africa can become expensive for small startups or existing business.
The ease of use of setup and customization setting up on the mobile phones awesome.
downside which I like to see a inventory manager or some sort of integration to an existing application. 
I invoice weekly and update as often as daily. I can do it on my laptop or cell with convenience. 
The ease of setting up a personalized invoice. The ability to clone an invoice allows me to save time and not have to retype an entire invoice for the next week when the only changes are the dates. 
I haven't come across any problems or shortcomings with the software. It's a great product.
very helpful in running a business outside the place
the use is very helpful in transactions, I hope the developer can make a signature or company legal seal in the invoice,
the use is very helpful in transactions, I hope the developer can make a signature or company legal seal in the invoice,.
I like the option of self hosting the software the most! Also the recurring invoices are great.
The installation was quite hard for me. But after a few tries I managed. This only applies to the self-hosted version.
I had to cancel multiple times but they kept invoicing me. Even long after I stopped using them. I moved onto 17hats since they offered the same services plus a dozen more features for less while not requiring you to have a computer engineering degree to navigate their products.
There is nothing of value they offered. 
It was overly complicated for a single-person freelancer. If you're a large company with a dedicated IT team or a software engineer it might make sense.  
I really like how easy is to setup our invoice and payment 
Website is basic no aero style but still easy to use
