Vacation Software
Quick and Easy to use. Very simple to understand and record time off with.
Remembering the password each time you go to log on.
The software fulfilled most of our needs for Time & Attendance.
The contract only allows a small window to cancel the service. If you miss your window, you will be paying for an entire additional year.
I love this product as it consolidates work and keeps me organized!
Multiple EIN reporting is better than I could imagine!
Don’t have anything bad to say! I love this product.
tracking payments and history simplified, ready reports address most queries
self service for employees is easy to use
the need to process payroll before changes such as accrual updates will be accurate, modifying punches not possible for staff
Overall experience has been great.  Easy to use and very customer friendly.
The software is user friendly.  Our employees like the ease of clocking in and out and the ability to see their paystatements.  Customer Service is wonderful.  They are knowledgable and are great problem solvers.
The software is not flexible in their time off system.  Our time off does not run on a calendar year and it is difficult at times for the employees.
iSolved is a comprehensive HRIS system that can manage my companies entire HR along with handling payroll through a local processing company.
Users must pay for additional modules that allow for additional functionality. The implementation be much more efficient than it currently is.
We use this to track time and PTO for all our employees, and its handy to be able to use it desktop or via the app.
Can't complain about anything, it's quite good.
This is a below average company
It does the bare minimum. It shows your paystub and taxes like any other human capital software. The user interface isn't that good either.
I tried calling to get back into my account and nobody answered, on top of that their voicemail box was full so I couldn't even leave a message! Horrible
TimeForce Review
I like that it is simple to use - the design is straightforward.
Nothing really - it's pretty straightforward.  Have used it for about a year now and like it.
isolved has worked with our staff every step of the way in adding products to make our HR department as efficient and functional as possible.  We continually work with them to find ways to increase productivity and employee satisfaction.
isolved has been the saving grace for our HR department.  We have gone from a mostly paper process and spreadsheet reporting, to mostly online and ease of use for both our HR staff and employees.
I have not found anything not to like at this point.
I have never before written an on-line review, but am moved to do so by complete frustration.  Our payroll service was fine and we had a good longstanding relationship with them.  They were bought by iSolved and things have gone dramatically downhill.I received an assessment from our state in September regarding an underpayment and underreporting of health care tax.  I have sent a copies of the assessments to iSolved as I receive them from the state with messages asking for a call, and no one ever calls.  The issue goes unresolved after three months and countless contacts. Three times I havecalled and waited on hold for 30-45 minutes before someone answers, and in each case I have been promised a call from someone in the tax department that never comes.  Each notice from the state includes higher and higher penalties.  It's time to find a new payroll service..... 
The software is fine, but once there is a need for the involvement of iSolved employees, tings fall apart.
The software is not my concern, it is the lack of support when things go wrong.
The versatility of this software makes it easy to look at a lot of data with only a few clicks. It is also very easy for employees to use to clock in and out on a daily basis.
A bug (which seems to have been fixed) used to cause problems when clocking in and out for employees. As this has been fixed recently, the reliability and accuracy of this software has substantially increased.
The sales department is the best in the world. They offered us the world and delivered nothing!
The software has a lot of bugs. Every time we upgrade, we spend hours and hours trying to fix the bugs. 
The customer service is great.                                  
It's not in Spanish 
We've had several issues with policies not set up correctly 
It's not an app but a web page, sometimes it makes it hard for employees to get set up 

Have to manually calculate fringes and benefits and block unions not associated with employee
Nothing.  This software tripled our workload and I have to manually figure out fringes and benefits for each field worker.
Everything.  Our payroll company switched over to this software and gave us no notice they were even looking into switching.  It has created triple the workload for me as it does nothing that the old system did.
Most products are very easy to use.  The Benefits aspect of it I love once it is implemented.  Life Events, Time and Attendance, Adding/Terminating an Employee is very easy to do.  I did just learn a new tool in iSolved - The Share and Perform Tool and that is a little more difficult but there is also a lot of information that is needed but I will eventually catch on.
I feel like the features you upload as a company as in policies and procedures etc is a mess.  Once you upload if it's required for the employee to "read" and say you update that policy you can't delete the "old" one.  So therefore, you have a ton of OLD policy and procedures for instance hanging out there that you have to delete and then put "OLD or DO NOT USE" in it's place.  It just makes your platform look very messy!  Also, if you call in the help desk with questions in regards to benefits, it seems to take more than 24 hours to get a response which depending on the question could be too long for the employee.  
Good.
Customer support is knowledgeable. Reporting.
Feels uncomfortable to navigate. Applicant tracking system is a bit cumbersome. 
Overall I love using this software and I have been doing payroll for many years and used many different softwares. This is still my favorite.
I love that I can see all my changes in real time. I can view everything that will process before it processes. This allows me to catch any errors ahead of sending the file.
The customer service is not the best. They have gotten too big is my opinion and there have been some mess ups on their side which have been unprofessional. They do always fix the problems, but I don't think they should have happened in the first place.
Really good time management and attendance tracking system. The way Calendar is set up, it looks really great! Easy can be accessed and managed.
Can think of any feature as of now. Most features works good.
Very easy to process payroll.
iSolved is easy to use. You receive a dedicated customer service representative for your account.
There can be more functionality and customization on the website.
