Very friendly and intuitive interface. Has the essential components you need for inventory control. 
I would like sales comission module or feature,  plus an enhanced account receivables features dates of maturities and alerts of due payments.
Don't send me a gift :) 
I like the flexibility of being able to customize the forms.  Also the technical support if very knowledgeable and fairly quick in assisting you when there are any issues.
The thing i like least about this software is its ease of use.
The thing i like least about this software is its poor programming ability.
This software provides great features at a great price!  We rely on it for all of our promotional goods ordering, inventory management, and order tracking!
Keeping track of her inventory is simple with InFlow. It has helped the warehousing staff keep track of their products on hand. It's very easy to use the desktop app has a clean simple interface yet it can be used on mobile the app UI is great and also works on the web as well. It's good software for small businesses as we do have some small kiosks at the malls and we do manage inventory exclusively with this software.
There is nothing to dislike about the inFlow. Everything is so great and works well!
Kept accurate track of inventory and was very cost effective
This software is easy to use and very user friendly. We've tracked as many as 40 items and it was very helpful in ensuring proper management of all items.
You have to buy multiple licences to use on different computers. You're supposed to be able to login  from another computer to the server system if you only have one license but it never worked. 
At first I had a bit of trouble wrapping my head around how to use inFlow but that's my personal lack of database experience. Now that I have a better comprehension of databases in general, I'm really glad I went with this software.  I did a trial for another POS system built specifically for my type of business and found it too confusing and counterintuitive. InFlow does flow much better (no pun intended). 
 There's is so much useful info I can get from Inflow and tons of different reports I can use. It's been a life saver!! 
This is my first retail business, so ease of use is very important to me. Not only do I have to understand the program myself, but I need to be able to teach my staff how to use it.  I'm impressed with how quickly they can catch on to it. 
Any time I've called for help with updates or any other problems, the support has been awesome!  
Thank you :)
AWESOME Creation! 
I love there customer service , they have a lot of patience and they will teach you step by step to solve your concerns.                                                                                 
This product answers all the features that I need in one product, So I don't have any bad comments using it.                                                        
over all this is a great product , easy to use and make function for any business, customer service and technical team are awesome and solved any issue ive had even tho i havent had many, highly recommend this product, try the free trial like i did then you will most certainly purchase the full version after.
Would be even better if it has accounting software add on
I'm a small one man shop. I'm using the Free Edition (THANK YOU SO MUCH)!
I was just telling my wife (MBA), how wonderful, complete and easy to use your software is.

I'm looking forward to when I need to upgrade to the Regular package.

Thanks again!
There are a lot of features. Typically made for a medium to large sized business. If you want a well rounded program this is for you.
You can’t really customize to your liking. There are things that are unnecessary and you can’t change them. 
I love the professional image that we are able to put forward, and the ease with which all of our invoicing, ordering, and purchasing interface.  Great all in one package.
I have used Inflow at a previous job and when I started this job and they asked for my recommendation I suggested it partly because I already knew how to use it but also because I knew that it would be easy to integrate into our already existing business. 

Not only is Inflow easy to use, but I find there's just enough customization available that it's essentially plug and play and very little set up involved other than entering basic company information and adding inventory.
Ease of use and just enough customization that you can make it your own without hours of setup time.  
When initially setting up inventory I was unable to find a way to import new products from excel and simultaneously include the inventory, I found that it needed to be done in two different steps which wasn't ideal. 
Keeps track of all of our small inertial sensors which can easily me misplaced. Customer service is great and billing and tracking is very easy to use and manage.
Nothing to complain. I suppose there is nothing that really stands out that would make me choose this over another software. Does the job it needs to do. The price was right for us.
great response time from developers, easy to use. they are only in version 3 of the software right now which means that you are getting in on the ground floor and you can give valuable input to the developers. the price will most likely go up in the future.
i cannot change the autobackup location or sync to other computers without configuring a vpn.
Very good value for money proffessional software.
Very easy and logical structure. Very big advantage is the work order feature. Easy to set up custom documents and also each invoice can attache special documents 
Cannot change the program colors sometimes anoying the color. Sometimes the currency exchange is not accurate.
Pro's : we 

Con's :  When I tried to upgrade Inflow to a newer version, Inflow did not work as well.  We needed to reinstall the Old version because the older version worked the best for us.  
