I love that this software is easy to use and has tiered pricing to fit with the size of your small business. I am currently using the free version of their software which allows for up to 100 transactions a month. As my business grows, I can upgrade to their $39 per month tier which will allow me to track unlimited transactions. I can easily see what materials have been ordered and what finished products I have available to sell.
I don't have anything negative to say about this product - it works well for me and was simple to set up.
Its clear to me that they either have grown too fast and can't keep up with it or they are Capital poor and don't have the money to ramp up for the growth.
My suggestion is that they need to seriously consider selling to either Clover or Square or one of the companies that they integrate in to. That was they can finally provide better CS
There product overall is very good and the cost is reasonable
The Customer Services leaves something to be desired. Calling them and actually getting someone on the phone with in 24 hours is not possible. I have left several messages and they take forever and sometimes not at all to call back. They want you to use the Chat but sometimes the Chat just will not work. 
I've been using Shopventory for over a year now. Maybe closer to 18 months. It is an exceptional piece of software. We track our inventory, products, and bundles across several channels and get just the right reporting to be able to buy right. Good inventory management is vital for a business to be profitable and we wouldn't be there without Shopventory. Their customer support is outstanding too!
We buy in bulk and sell in multiple sizes.  We were able to use shopventory's bundles inventory items to cleanly track our raw inventory across multiple platforms and products.
Not a whole lot.  Since it integrates with so many platforms, knowing what fields sync with each platform and making sure our listings are accurate for the fields that do not sync has taken some getting used to, but they keep improving and it becomes less of an issue with each pass week.
What can I say? We signed up for Shopventory in Jan 2019 and haven't looked back! Features that make sense, detailed reporting (better than Clover in most cases), helpful integrations and superb customer service. The platform is intuitive to use so it's easy to train. Plus they offer ample guidance through their resource library on the more complex stuff. When I can't get an answer there, their dedicated support team typically responds within a few minutes - and they really know their stuff!

Couldn't ask for a better inventory management partner, and highly recommend for businesses small, medium and medium-large.

Keep up the great work!
Can't think of much. When we have a problem or discover a gap in functionality, we let the team at Shopventory know and they get right on it with a software patch. The change isn't always immediate, but they keep us updated on the progress of the request and I can't say I've ever encountered better customer service from a SAAS (Software As A Service) company.
We are new to this app and already consider it a life saver. We have barely scratched the surface of what it can do! So far it has helped us manage our bundles and reduces appropriate inventory on each item within a bundle in real time, which is amazing because we have several! An added bonus is the customer service team. They are beyond helpful and I have not had a one bad encounter yet!
It's easy to use, customizable, and tracks inventory on bundles.
Nothing so far, I still have some more digging to do but at this point anything else would be extra and beyond my initial needs.
I started using Shopventory for total inventory value reports, something that is surprisingly lacking in all POS and e-commerce software that I have tried. But the ease of creating all kinds of reports in addition to overall inventory value is really exceptional. In addition, the customer service is excellent! Whenever I need help, and can't find what I'm looking for in their well-written help documents, I just open up a chat and someone from their team responds promptly. They are very helpful and always super friendly. 
I do wish it were a bit less expensive. I wouldn't be using an add-on such as this at all, if I didn't have to for my accounting needs (if I could get what I needed from my POS software), so it's painful to have to spend $40/month for it. I really prefer not to have any syncing of different software or apps if I can prevent doing so, because that always opens up the potential for syncing errors, which is a huge issue and inconvenience for retail businesses like mine.
Shopventory has allowed on-site and remote monitoring and inputting of our merchandise and sales.  It integrates very well with our POS system and we are very happy with the functions of seeing our actual profit margin in real-time.  CUSTOMER SERVICE and responsiveness are amazing!  I truly feel that they care and are active in their endeavors to make Shopventory to be exactly what their customers desire and need.
The ability to have access to real-time information and to update products and inventory from our retail location as well as away is great!
There are only minor items that I would like to have included, but they are very minor and likely specific to our particular usage.  Not at all deal-breakers.  
I talked to [SENSITIVE CONTENT] today, and he helped me out a bunch! I was confused about creating products and making them per unit pricing products. He was able to take the time to help me figure out it was way more simple than I thought. I loved the commitment he brought. I also love that I got some help quickly!
Keep up the great work! The way you guys integrate multiple stores and online selling is amazing.
If I had to say something, I would add that your help blogs aren't very advanced. I know you have to reach the basic users for the most part, and make it easy for them to understand. I feel as a pretty experienced user I'm quite a bit above the current topics. So when I go to look for advice, it doesn't take me very far. So then I end up getting lost on where to go, or over think what I should do. Thankfully you have great customer service, and they help me through it all.
Petru muzica mă dedic totul pentru muzica.va multumesc
Petru muzica mă dedic totul pentru muzica.va multumesc
Comprehensive and easy to use. Has all the functions needed for efficient inventory management.
Because I was using this software with Square POS, I occasionally had syncing issues with item quantities and had to frequently do stock takes.
Shopventory's detailed reporting and low stock alerts has enabled users to make smarter manufacturing decisions.
The software is super quick compared to usual methods on spreadsheets etc and seems very accurate. Integrates seamlessly into existing business software and POS's such as Clover & Shopify. Ability to sync stock and update product info across multiple platforms with a reasonably low latency. 
It takes some time to learn otherwise it is basically okay.
It's ease of use and the rapid response from the support techs when I need them.
Manually spitting out any products that come in variety packs. Ex.- We sell Takis. They are purchased as a multi pack case. After accepting in the case, I then have to manually adjust the individual package quantities because Shopventory cannot differentiate. 
I was sold on the Demo that was provided, but after getting into the weeds of the product I learned more about what our company needed and was shocked at how many limitations there are. We are now in the process of finding a more robust system.
It can integrate 2 shopify stores into 1 inventory source.
The list is pretty lengthy. Hopefully they can be fixed, but I've not seen any progress or even mention of progress over the past several months of using this software.
- Can't edit or update POs
- Can't see sku numbers when updating inventory at a product level
- PAR inventory levels on auto POs don't factor anything that is already on order
- Can't search for a PO by part number

Those are just a few off the top of my head...
Overall, I think it is a great product and well capable of doing what we need which is to help us manage our inventory.
I like the details in organizing our products and being able to add vendors for reorder purposes.
It took me a while to figure out how to bulk upload. Also, I wish there was one screen with a list of our products where I could upload the pictures. I have to upload on each product screen which isn't the worst thing ever.
Overall, Shopventory has helped us combine and keep track of our online & in-store inventory by integrating with our new point of sale system. There was a bit of a learning curve, but the program is relatively user-friendly and support is available for questions that arise. There are many available features for a fair price, and the program does most of what we need it to do.
We are a small retail store and Shopventory makes it easy to create barcode labels, print tags, create purchase orders, view sales, and display current inventory. Stocktakes with an integrated barcode scanner are an easy way to take and update inventory. The program integrates well with our Shopify point of sale + online store and when we make changes in Shopventory, the updates are reflected in Shopify quickly. I have chatted with Shopventory's customer service representatives multiple times and they are responsive and helpful. There are also ways to input reorder quantities and be notified when you are running low on stock.
We don't like that purchase orders cannot be edited after they are created. Sometimes Shopventory quantities are slow to update after an item is purchased, although if you click on the quantity that will usually update it. The program will also update at random times and if you don't save what you're doing frequently, you could lose your work. You can also only input digits to three decimal places.
Everything about this I love! The customer service is outstanding! I wish my own stubbornness about spending the extra money a month had not gotten in my way, and I would have had Shopeventory sooner!!! Keep up the good work and valued updates!!!!


It is going to save me so much time, and ease my daily inventory frustrations.
So far, I have found nothing that this software will not help for my business!
My overall experience with the software was great, and cannot really fault it. My business used this software for around 12 months while the company sold merchandise.
I like that its pretty straight forward and self explanatory. It doesn't take someone with a lot of previous inventory knowledge to pick up and start using this software from day one.
It doesn't have all the features that some alternatives softwares have.
I've been using Shopventory from i start my business last years until now and it has been great. they been adding new functions more and more and making everything work even better! The multi location reporting and inventory management is super easy to use and it just works every time. Their customer support is always a great help and very responsive. Great for my 3 store and an all-in-one program
the report and the integration with my clover pos system
mobile scanner not support bundle inventory
- Great for tracking inventory
- Easy to create multiple channels and split inventory
- Easily move inventory between channels
- Quirky settings/ defaults
- Some things have to be done in multiple places to ensure complete accuracy
- Doesn't always sync well with other software
Very happy with the system. Glad to have it on our side. Easy reporting and integrations. Easy to use support chat. Representative was fantastic. She worked with me all day on an issue and then followed up several times. So pleased with her service!
Very easy to use inventory management. FANTASTIC customer service and support. 
Wish it had invoicing features, that would remove product from inventory and send clients and invoice.
