We started using Qarrot to support the formal and informal recognition within the HR team. More efforts are being seen and recognized, not only from managers but among team members too.
I like the ability to acknowledge hard work and staff members who go above and beyond. And, it's not just a verbal "thanks" but a reward towards a gift of their choosing.
The idea of redemption of points for cash value seemed a bit awkward at first, but when in small amounts, it is more of a token than a means of compensation, and it seems to work well.
It was great. 
This app is great for companies to reward their employees. It allows the employees to have new goals to reach and gives us motivation as workers to be the best we can be. 
Everything was great. I can’t complain about anything.
I like how it gives real words updates, along with peoples names of who got rewards.
I have to go through the whole login process every time I wish to use it.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I monthly like its easy of use and amazing large community who built plenty of themes and plugins which makes any task easy for users. To regularly update themes and plugins manually. I have to take backup regularly. It is very nice.
I love how the app is easy to use. I can log in and share points instantly. 
There's nothing I do not like about this software so far. 
My overall experience so far has been well I appreciate the app and what it can do.
I like how in depth you can get using this software it's easy and pretty much self explanatory.
I prefer that the points system allow you to send more points per month. Although that may just be my administrator who implemented that. Oh and I like to have a cash payout option.
Setting up campaigns is fairly easy and straight forward
Getting set up was an issue. The invitation email had to be sent several times. Once that email was sent, all was good.
It really encouraged my team to meet deadlines for improvement and gave us definite rewards instead of just the possibility of one.
I like that I get badges for my hard work and can see others accomplishments
I cannot search for the gift cards and prize I can exchange for. I have to scroll down a big list to see if they have rewards for the stores I go to
Easy to use
Feature-rich
Great UX
Increases motivation

No private recognition option
No integration with Slack
It has been a fun tool to help our team build appreciation for hard work.keep it doing all well excellent 
Qarrot was Fantastic. Every time we've had an issue I feel the team has gone above and beyond to help us out or to make things right. Even if we find a small bug they fix it right away they follow up with us to tell us it has been corrected. Excellent service! also team was work culture  most i liked them so very nice mangements
Pros: It's good. I like having free stuff. Free stuff is cool. Our company put us on to this site. It's great.

Cons: There is nothing wrong with this site. It works when i get on.

Overall: Overall the quality of the site and its products are fairly good. I would keep coming to this website.
I like how this software  gets the office involved with one another
I have not run into any issues yet!   It's very user friendly 
It’s an excellent program that helped our team members so much 
It’s easy and quick to use , and I haven’t encountered any difficulties with it 
No problems , the only issue is about logging in sometimes, other wise it’s excellent 
An easy way to say thank you to colleagues
Its very easy to use, It is visually easy on the eye. It works for reward and recognition.
I don't think you can search for people or filter on days and it takes time to scroll through.
We received lower than expected scores last year on our employee recognition so we wanted to implement a platform where our employees at all levels can timely recognize and celebrate the achievement of goals, milestones, and birthdays and anniversaries. We also think that Qarrot has enhanced our ability to send timely announcements.
I've got to say, when I was contemplating choosing Qarrot as our Firm's rewards and recognition platform, I wasn't sure how much engagement we'd get. Qarrot, however, has surpassed my expectations, as it's easy to use, fun, interactive and provides great campaigns and rewards.
Qarrot doesn't integrate with our HRIS, Paycom, unfortunately.
The ability to connect with my company and the people who work at different parks
It’s a bit hard to navigate at first but after some practice I got it
I did have questions and was able to get answers so overall it is a good system. 
That there is someone I can talk to if I have questions 
Its a little confusing but was able to have someone walk me though it.
Great software which can be deployed in a small, medium or large business. 
Fast, effective and easy to use. There's no complication and it's very straightforward. 
To purchase vouchers there is an additional cost for the card itself. This is not a software issue and more a services issue. 
Overall it's been good
gives employees a choice of their gift cards
The training I received was poor. It was all on paper to learn. And a poor Skype
It was very easy to use and understand.  The wide options on rewards was a good way to make sure everyone had something they could aim for. 
The rewards only being $10 was a little disappointing for the work that would have to be put down in order to reach the service goal.
As a compliance officer, I can recognize coworkers for going above and beyond. 
I sometimes forget that it exists as a reward option where I work.
