Team gantt is a perfect tool to keep your projects on a perfect timeline! You can set the due date for the project and work your way backwards so you never miss a step
You'll never miss a deadline 
It can be overwhelming at furar
The software is very helpful for the company. You will have the ability to control all conversation and documents. Also very good that all working information direct going to the task. Good support always helps in the shortest time.
Very little that does not like. Its every aspect is understood and functional, even people new to Gantt charts can pick it up and use it quickly and efficiently.
We use TeamGantt to coordinate events being run by a team of five in five different locations in the UK.  TG gives us the usual features of gantt charts but with helpful extras such as a daily email digest of outstanding tasks, a comments feature to easily update one another on progress/questions.

TG customer service has been excellent throughout.  Their team is responsive, listens to users, offers user seminars and requently offers new features on the software.
Helps in organizing activities, by the groupings of respective tasks and subtasks. You can also find the dates of commencement and completion of each individual task. The application is very user-friendly, and you will be able to see an overview of various activities and their progress. With the application, we can break down every single activity along with assigning a deadline and hence you can create a good forecast about the time frames required for project completion. You can see who exactly is working on a task. The most attractive feature is that you can share these charts without logging in. You will find tutorials and demos about the use of the application. The one to one chat helps the team to interact and stay updated with the project. A lot of advanced integrations and collaborations are available to meet individual preferences.
Not much to mention here but, if you are using this application for large projects, it might be a little complex.
One of the simplest gantt software I've used and I've used a few. The interface allows for good collaboration across teams. We typically used this to track the progress of our product development across 6 teams distributed and the linking tasks gave a very effective picture of dependencies and the impact of delays
Simple
Easy to collaborate

Can only be used for tracking longer term project tasks. Cannot be used to plan small activities like the list of tasks for the day. If it had a built in sticky notes system (something like trello) it would be perfect. The comments feature doesn't work so well. 
With this platform, I can get a good and understandable way to work with the chart. The application is cloudy, so everything is stored on the Internet and accessible from any computer. The platform allows me to share my diagrams with other users without having to log in. The platform allowed our entire team to display our projects, assign tasks and track the completion of teamwork. We can assign ourselves and each other tasks from several projects that everyone does to make sure that they are all moving forward, and our managers can log in, see our temporary sheets and how our projects are progressing.
Customer service is not very fast. Do not expect real-time support. Of course, if it was a free platform, it would also be fine. I would like you to add a module of the graphical work structure.
I work as a project manager and need to report every other week to management the status of my various projects.  TeamGantt makes this an easy and pleasurable task.
Makes charting so much easier by allowing dependencies inside of projects.  Each line item is collapsible and gives a nice high level view when condensed.  Reporting can be shared easily and looks nice as well.
An individual license is cheap but once you start adding users it can get pretty steep.
It is quick, it is live and it has a memory.

We use it for all our project, external and internal. Sometimes we use it for time planning but mostly to record all project transactions. I love the "undo" capability.

There are still more function to use, but our team members are not ready yet. Good to know that we still can evolve together with TeamGantt.
We used TeamGantt for numerous projects for our UX/UI design consultancy. It's a simple and effective tool with a great user interface. We especially loved how easy it was to iterate on our timelines quickly. Sharing was great as well. It's very affordable.
I can't think of any downside to using TeamGantt.
to all of those who use the MS Office tools, I do to, but please hear me when I say this: the gantt charts are amazing and can be shared, edited and organized by as many collaborators as a customer desires. This tool has been designed with an incredible attention to detail and is extremely intuitive to use. I love that I can easily see projects from a high level perspective, or click again to dive down into the weeds of a specific task. I love that my team and I can easily upload files related to a task, or even start chats pertaining to a project or task. Another favorite feature is that just about every dashboard within this tool can be displayed in multiple ways. This is great for teams because everyone has different preferences when it comes to how information is viewed and best understood.
Hmm... this is a tough one. It is kind of pricey, but it is definitely cutting edge. Also, it does not track if a PM or Manager is on too many overlapping projects. 
The software is pretty advanced, and so I think it would be best for very complicated projects.  My projects are fairly straightforward, and I should have gone with something simpler.
It was really hard to figure out how to enter the project correctly, which led me to doubt the changes it made when I would change an elements completion date (which is the whole point of the software).  So, it didn't really work that well for me.  To be fair, I didn't really have the luxury of time to figure out exactly how to use it and its capabilities, so someone more patient may have a lot more luck.  It seems to offer a plethora of options/functions to handle complicated projects.
Need a way to organize projects with multiple pieces and more than one person? TeamGantt is the tool to use! I love being able to track progress and create a way to communicate with my coworkers on what is happening with projects. TeamGantt helps divvy-up smaller tasks that need to get done in order to get the overall project done. Strongly recommend! 
Our whole agency has embraced TeamGantt. We use it to track hundreds of active projects. It allows us to keep on top of daily tasks across all resources, and we leverage the reporting to spot over/under resource utilization and future resource forecasting. Very rich feature set, at a great cost. Excellent customer service.
It has enhanced our abilities to properly plan for the successful implementation of projects, as we were able to integrate all the ideas and proposals for a workflow diagram and extract the optimal path that enables us to successfully achieve the project objectives.
TeamGantt is a very intuitive tool, very easy to use with an attractive interface, provides Gantt chart templates with which team members collaborate to form a timeline to complete the work that is presented in a coordinated and high-level visual representation, including many times that are customized according to the nature and importance of the activity. You can also involve external stakeholders and consultants as well as subcontractors in bringing their feedback to the work programme. I also like the process of updating tasks and how activities are automatically scheduled and given new expected dates based on updates made by team members, and I also like the colors that are added to the Gantt chart showing completed and also incomplete activities as well as critical activities, and all those updates are saved and documented in the project folder.
There aren't too many negatives to discuss, just optimization needs practice and the user will see how much difference it can make using TeamGantt to keep track of projects.
After using what seems like every project management tool ever invented, my clients and I are delighted with TeamGantt. It is very easy to use to develop project plans, assign accountability for tasks, set timelines, monitor progress and most importantly collaborate on project activities. One big bonus is the reporting tools provide a great visual snapshot of where you are and where you are going, a major deficiency in so many PM tools I have used in the past.
Team GANTT has literally changed the way we do business. It has allowed us to organize vastly complex projects, condense communication, cut email, and version track working documents. Every client I show it to has bought a subscription!
Easy to use,  great videos and customer service is amazing.
Need more colors, ipad app and ability to next projects.
I was spending hours to schedule the workload among my team and assign them tasks. And also it was complicated to communicate with customer/team when I manage number or projects simultaneously. When I start to use TeamGantt, my life was too easy with managing projects. Thanks a lot to the team of TeamGantt.
use this to draw grant chart. i wanted to present it to my senior management. this supported me so much.
it simple can manage like excel. simply can create grant chat for my software application. can download as pdf
it it expensive software and trial period is not enough. other requirements are well enough for me.  
