Improve the UX
Generates good reports - but little analysis. 
The word limit is pushing me to write longer review which is not needed
Hard to download
The download experience reminded with computers in late 1990s.
Also, my work firewall did not recognise it as safe software, so I am using this app from my home with my personal laptop... 
This is not a normal business experience 
This software is super easy to use and manipulate data for various kinds of reporting. It has helped me find shrink issues more than once. 
The only con is that it needs to be used in conjunction with a retail software. I would recommend using Mi9. 
Its pretty easy and compatible product to learn and my client used it extensively for Reporting and Dashboard
Excellent User Interface
Lot of Drag and Drop features so new Users can learn this pretty easily
Lot of default virtualization and dashboards are present
Data cache memory is not large enough to hold terabytes of data
Join across different databases is not straighforward
Really liked the ease of use. 
It was easy to use and create adhoc reports. I was able to send out reports to my clients or those who I supported to give them a good look of their business. 
It was hard to trust the data. When you can't trust the data then anything the software can do becomes mute. It was partly our fault but didn't love that aspect. 
Microstrategy is a world leader when it comes to BI and analytics. The tool is great for large-scale deployments where many aspects of the business need to be considered. 
While catering to all potential BI and analytics needs, Microstrategy seriously lacks when it comes to ease of use. Competitors like Power BI and Sisense have made deployment of BI tool extremely easy and in comparison, Microstrategy feels lacklustre. 
I enjoy having the ability to run custom reports that help me understand how my staff is behaving on the phones. Exporting that data is a breeze, overall a great product. 
It can be intimidating for new users, better integration of help functions would be appreciated. 
This tool is very dependable and easy to customize, has great visualization and very user friendly interface. It is very good for reporting.
Its installation was not the easiest and took quite some time. It is also quite pricey.
Microstrategy is a great platform for mobile analytics and offers a lot of functionality out of the box.  If you are looking for a solution that will cover 80% of your needs when it comes to mobile reporting then seriously consider Microstrategy.
Depth and breadth of OLAP functions and detailed users guides.  Beautiful mobile reports and growing library of visualizations.
Microstrategy has a steep learning curve and we have had performance challenges with large datasets.
Creating a "single source of truth" data. Standardizing data governance across enterprise. Enabling users to be self-sufficient with self-service BI.
Robust SQL engine, numerous types of connections to several data sources, relatively easy integration of multiple data sources in single dashboard. Enterprise product enables us to pick and choose the components we need, and we're able to meet most reporting problems with the wide-variety of tools within platform. Cloud services also helps us spend less time on operational stability.
Some disparity among different types of objects (reports, documents, dashboards) both in UI as well as feature set. Graphs look great in dashboards, but terrible in reports. Efficiently utilizing full array of features in platform requires a lot of education about what all the products do.
It is a really useful tool and love the way you can customize a lot of stuff. Also the way they manage the creation of dimensions and metrics. One thing to keep in mind is the manage of the historical changes, it can be a mess
It really have a lot of features and customization you can make. From metrics level and aggregations to web plugins. 
The pricing, it is really expensive if in the organization doesn't use it really often. Need a really good server for grand amount of information 
The dynamic report builder offers logical steps in creating different views of attributes and metric options used in reports. Sharing feature allows for standardized reports across all users.
I would say the search engine could use a lot of tweaking as it doesn't deliver results as well as other tools and I always get the feeling that some data is not being captured or distributed.
MicroStrategy is one of 2 major Business Intelligence tools on the market. If it is implemented correctly, it could provide complete web-based business solution based on the data analysis.
It could be used within relational or multidimensional data sources
expensive for mid-size companies
I have had experience with 5 top tier BI tools and Microstrategy was the poorest (still its better than not top tier tools)
Speed of the software when loading multiple dashboards are great once everything has been properly defined. Easy to update DWH and microstrategy connection.  
Challanging to do metadata and mark the correct dependencies.
Design is outdated a bit 
Hard for end user to learn how to make ad-hoc reports for themselves
This is a good app with lot of options and features around analytics and dashboard use cases.  Subscription and self managed reportiing abilities are also good.  The UI needs some refresh and modern touch.
This software is loaded with features/functionality; I don't think I've run into anything that it just can't do. Their training and user forums are also extremely helpful.
Very steep learning curve for administration/development and requires very knowledgeable support staff to get and keep it going. I think that is to be expected with such a complex product however for a smaller company it can present challenges.
new exp
It has strong administration. Good Visual Insights.  Ease of use, and advanced analysis in a single end-to-end solution.  End users do not need a lot of training. This product is flexible to where you can add your own java code to enhance the end user experience.
 Upfront costs can be expensive. The Advanced analytics are not easy to use. The license cost is not worth it.  The documentation is lacking for this product
I am using the Microstrategy platform in order to generate reports for forecast, orders, invoices, scorecards  and dashboards so that I could have a complete overview of the business.
good experience
The SQL generation is also very readable, in contrast with many of MSTR's competitors.
The in-memory cubes are powerful - 2B row limit per CPU. These cubes to build some otherwise prohibitively large dynamic dashboards.
UI, support, stability. Support is predicated on a vast knowledge of MSTR's intricacy's, including deep logging features which do not feel Cloud-worthy. Cloud is clearly a new philosophy for them. Professional services is hit or miss.
We use microstrategy to create custom dashboards for internal use and for our customers.  We are able to create SSO from our customer portal to microstrategy to allow our customers to have access to their dashboards.  With microstrategy you are able to provide summary level dashboards with links that allow you to click to drill down to receive further details.  We are also able to provide links so the user can export the reports to excel so they can further filter the information as needed.  The creation of cubes enables us to have the data calculations ready and available to reduce the response time to present dashboards to the end user.  
Our customers would like to be able to subscribe to receive  scheduled emails of their dashboards versus having to login to our portal to view the information.  We have not be able to figure out how to provide them this feature.
I used to not be a fan of microstrategy’s analytics / BI software, but they seem to really listen to their customers and improve their software with every release. I especially like the enhancements to the geographic data features and visualizations in their recent release. Turning GIS data into an aesthetic map chart is simple now. 
While microstrategy’s software has improved greatly in recent releases, I still think the forecasting functionality could be improved. You can’t do as much with forecasting in this software than you can in some competing software.
