GoToWebinar was a great extension to the already reliable GoToMeeting software. It allowed all of the attendees to comment and view our meeting as intended. 
It's a bit spendy but comparable to other webinar software. All in all a good tool. 
GoToWebinar does exactly what you would expect. We successfully hosted our virtual events with minimal issues or problems.


We had issues with people muting & unmuting themselves but everything was fine.
I haven't used very often but whenever I use it was about average.
This software is nice concept for video conferencing. One can control with restrictions on the interruptions and allow later.
Quality is not very good. Voice Distortion and Video Distortion are very important factors that need to be considered. 
1. Easy Setup
2. Small/Large audience supported, scalable
3. Remote users can also showcase their presentations using the platform
4. Record complete webinar and host on a stream
5. Provides a URL for the stream directly on finishing of the webinar
1. Sometimes it lags with the remote locations.
2. Audio/Visual miscommunications leads to audio synchronization problems 
Despite my reservations  with the interface's flexibility, I would very much recommend GoToWebinar for any meeting with more than half a dozen participants. My experiences trying to coordinate any more than that with other teleconferencing utilities has typically resulted in meetings that were chaotic and productively underwhelming. 
The ability to record and immediately post the video from the meeting. I also appreciate the Questions feature; it feels much the same as the Chat option from GoToMeeting but allows you to keep better track of questions that have been asked and answered, in addition to letting you respond either directly to the questioner or to the entire group.
While the different features are all very powerful and helpful, accessing the different features' panels can be difficult, especially if you're trying to present simultaneously. It's also quite easy to close panels instead of minimizing them which can lead to later distractions during a presentation while trying to recover the panel you didn't realized you had closed.
If you cannot determine it already - I'm a HUGE fan of this tool. I believe they are a frontrunner of the technology and hopefully will continue to be so.
What don't I like is a better question. The software is flexible, user friendly, and it seems the engineers thought of everything. It takes some practice to get the hang of it, especially if you are the host and/or co-host and plan to change hosting roles in the middle of a meeting; nevertheless it is one of the best tools of its kind I've worked with and well worth the money.  There are so many features from how you schedule meetings through video versus audio only, recording options, sharing screens or documents and even creating documents in the presentation. It's a fabulous tool to support business. Also customer service is amazing - I had an emergency 5 minutes before a meeting was about to start and called for help. The rep was able to get me up and running in time for the meeting. 
The cost can be prohibitive for non-profits, which is what I mostly consult with, however, they have (at least in the past) priced for non-profits and/or you can typically find discounts through other sources. 
It is easy to use, and I can hear people clearly. 
Nothing that I do not like dislike about this product. 
If you need to organice a webinar, GoToWebinar could be an option for this. Allows you to organize, invite, prepare and address your events in an easy way. You can see the attendance list and getting analytics from the event. Also, you can record your events.
- Easy to use and configure.
- The link for webinar could be send by email from the application.
- Provides you analtytics about the event.
- The price could be seem not affordable.
- The use could be a little bit difficult the first time.
Overall, I will continue to use this product and will recommend to others.  As stated above, it holds a lot of value for a free product!
I love any connectivity product that allows for clear video conferences.  GoToWebinar is fairly straightforward and easy to use.
Sometimes the call connectivity can be a little dicey, although those could be internal network issues.  I've had more issues with GoToWebinar that some other video conferencing platforms but for the low cost of free, it performs its function well.
Very easy to use to set up conference calling. 
There is nothing to not like about this.
I am using this application from past few years and one thing i can say is that it was really a great application for conferences, meetings and online classes. I mostly use it for inline webinar calsses and i extremely like it and i recommend you if you need to conduct any webinars, conferences etc.
The application is simple and robust. The interface is very simple and makes your work effective too. It has several good features like screen reacording, help features and many more usefull features which comes very handy at time of any webinars, online classes, meetings etc.
I have only minor issues like network connectivity issues and it crashes but  it happens very rare. And they should increase even more functionalaties in future for much better experience other than this overall it is a good application.
Very helpful for trainings, professional developments, and other professional sessions.
When using this for professional developments and conferences, I was struck by how easy and straightforward it was to connect. Following the link in an email gets you immediately set up and ready to go. It's also helpful that there is a screen share option for showing charts, images, slides, etc.
It's not always obvious to click the record button (which is a nice feature) and sometimes you can forget to record until the important stuff has already started.
To get different courses online by some providers located other cities, saving money for this, avoid to travel..
i can open or access to it no matter where i'm located, and the time zone, its easy to use and works fast to make the connection
all the times when i use it works fine, so i dont think need improve something, well for me its perfect
Go To Webinar makes team meetings with remote workers (and employees in the office) easy and clear.  With just the push of a button, everyone can be there, and teams can share information, share critiques and discuss important (or not so important) things.  It is super easy to set up and join meetings. 
It's awesome, and if there are any negative points, I've never run into them. Super bit of software!
Ease of viewing webinars for training purposes.
We have visited the GoToWebinar for several training sessions dealing with different topics. The quality and ease of accessing the website is very easy.
Sometimes there are malfunctions and the video or the voice do not come across.  Not sure if this is due to the Company hosting the webinar, or the actual program itself.
Fantastic webinar presentation tool that is easy to use and super-simple for the customer as well!
GoTo Webinar is quick to download and simple to use. Handy control buttons allow for personalized settings to fit anyone's particular preferences. 
I found no features from the GoTo Webinar software that I would consider a negative aspect.
I use GoToWebinar to present to customers across the world. It is easy to use & setup a meeting, configure how & what you present & makes presentations online easy.
I like that you can easily  switch between multiple screens, programs, etc. You can configure whether you're viewing and/or listening on your phone or computer.
If you're running a more than one piece of software during your demo or webinar, GoToWebinar slows your computer down. You have to slow down how you present. However, I haven't really found a competing solution that doesn't do this. It's no better or worse in this aspect that its competitors.
GoToWebinar has been a great thing to use for meetings and it has saved so much time!
I love GotoWebinar for the ease and time saving aspect of having meetings, watching classes and training
I really can't say that I have any negatives about GoToWebinar. As long as they keep adding more updated things, I'm happy to use them!
User interface is user friendly
easy to manage and host webinars.
recording feature is so valuable 
new multi session reporting is also nice
questions can be easily asked by audience during live webinar
company logo cannot be changed for webinar
its meant for large audience, so there is no personal touch as compared to setting up skype call session
there is no chat support option, only phone support 
I really don't know anything about it                                                                                      

I really don't know anything about it                                                                                      

