It is easy to use, consolidates my spreadsheets, and empowers me and my data.
It is such a great tool making my horrible excel sheets obsilete. 
There is anything truthfully. It is such a great tool!
great customer service
no coding experience necessary, seamless integration with Tableau and SQL, great workflow icons and capabilities, great automation
pricing, but they are flexible, could make a cloud product that is easier to scale out to more people
I like Alteryx as a data mulipulation tool but it's also very diffult to learn.
With Alteryx, you're creating a workflow to alter the data, rather than altering the data directly. Because you're creating the workflow, each of the steps are easily auditable and you can swap out the source files when it changes. This is a huge bonus and time saver as data will tend to change.
Alteryx has a huge learning curve. It's hard to get started without some sort of live tutorial from someone that has been using it for a long time.
I have been using Alteryx for past few months and it has made my life so easy when it comes to handling multiple files. You can combine multiple excel files, CSVs, any other files, 100s of MBs in size, and within minutes it carries out the entire ETL process.
1. Ease of use - simple drag and drop
2. Input and outputs - multiple file formats are supported
3. Very easily handle GBs of data
1. A few visualization capabilities can be added to make it more comprehensive tool
2. You have to run the entire workflow again, even if you have made a slight change - having the functionality to run just a piece or small part of the entire workflow will save much more time
We utilize these reports in order to track down to really granular levels within our organization. It is so helpful to narrow down what you need or to see wide ranges.
It would be helpful to generate more graphics. Not impossible but a little more difficult.
It's incredibly powerful and includes a wide variety of features for most usages
It's not intuitive to learn and has an interface that could be cleaned up pretty easily
This is a great data handling software. Half the company runs on this. 
There is basically a module for doing everything
Connectivity in both inputs and outputs is simply superb
Output to PDF to export reports might need better capabilities
Documentation of less used features might be insufficient compared to most commonly used features
I would argue that this is the number one product for data science. I have change my entire analytics department for the better with using alteryx.
No major complaints on this software, my team loves it!
I've loved working with Alteryx. After just 4 months of using the software, I have managed to automate over 20 daily or weekly processes that used to take all my time. I now have more time to create meaningful reports that can help management make the decisions that will keep our company moving forward.
Alteryx allows you to walk through your data preparation step by step to ensure that everything is following the exact process of orders that you want.
Occasionally, Alteryx will stop processing a workflow because of a minor error. Frequently, that minor error has a handful of different solutions, forcing you to try each solution one by one. After some experience you learn what things to look for, but when just starting out, it's a nuisance.
10 on functionality, 4 on price
One of the most versatile tools I’ve worked with. Whatever you might need Alteryx has it.
It’s really expensive, ome of the most expensive tools out there
Alteryx is somethign which I started using for basic query operations,then moved ahead with data quality and validation and now automation and process and taking stepo further with many algorithms as well
Plug and Play feature, very Clean and easy to use application/tools and functionalities.
there should be a way that workflows can be version...For ex if one workflow is developed and over a period of time need changes developer got to version itself...there should eb mechanism...More help and support.caching memory issues pop up i know its more of a hardware thign but if company can do somethign I have 16gb and still i get running out of memory thingy.lol but i love this product
Install was a breeze, design interface was simple to use. Lots of drag and drop and smooth shortcuts for building fast.  All the logical, normalization, and mathematical functionality you could want.   Easy to change a certain piece of the workflow and quickly see your result.  As a designer, you'll want at least some SQL or Access background.  There is so much more to the software that I haven't even tried out, can't wait!
I use this software for manipulating csv files with <10k rows and am very pleased with the flexibility and performance.  Designer opens fast, is easy to build with, processes workflows fast and lets you know where your problems are.  Very logical and easy to follow for your average data junkie.  
Price-per-license is high, but it's really awesome software! Designer is for more for data-minded workers, but the interface is so easy to use that a non-techie could run a workflow with minimal instruction. 
I use Alteryx primarily to validate solutions to our data models before they are pushed into production to be absolutely sure that they will maintain structural data integrity as well as quality. Sure, you could also code your own ETL but if you're just getting started or want to fire up a quick simulation this isn't bad at all for the amount of effort you need to put in.
Alteryx is very easy to use, you have a repository of tools and what is true is that the sky really is the limit. This tool will be as simple or as complex/powerful as you want or need.
Okay, here's a personal gripe: there's not a lot of learning available online for Alteryx and the "trainings" in the website are actually somewhat lackluster. What is available on Udemy is not as specialized as one might hope.
Between the great customer service, easy UI, online tutorials and sample files, it is a very easy product to use.
There are so many uses it is sometimes hard to know you have the best environment for the software, because different features require different needs.
PwC is encouraging the use of this software across all our teams because of how efficient this software is at manipulating data.
This piece of software saves hours of time by bringing different excel data together and manipulating it in different ways
Hours of work all in the click of a button
sometimes can be very difficult to understand.
User interface is slightly outdated for such a modern piece of software
In terms of data preparation, this product is universal, because it is able to process any data, regardless of their type and volume. Due to this, different companies can use this service, regardless of the scope of their activities and the type of operations that need to be carried out with the data. Operations with data of any complexity can be carried out in this service with ease.
Due to the fact that this service can perform any operations with data, it has a huge number of modes and settings, in which it is very easy to get confused. Many services for different purposes have default settings or automatic mode. Alteryx, unfortunately, does not have such a function, which is very bad, especially for new users. Every time I have to spend too much time trying to set up all the settings I need and it’s disturbing.
Automating workflows and making them efficient. Powerful and user friendly. Training material available is very useful.
License cost is very high and creates a hole in the pocket.
Overall, this product has incredible potential to optimize and innovate the way we manage and analyze data. We've only begun to scratch the surface of this robust solution.
I love the easy of drag and drop data scrubbing. Whether a contributor is using advanced coding or a more visually inclined, this product unites data users from across the technical spectrum to collaborate in a common intuitive way.
Setting up connection is not always straight forward and dependent on data environment of one's workplace. However, this only needs to be done once for a given connection.

A feature I hope to see in the future is the ability to sequence specific segments of a workflow.
This software, especially the predictive analytics piece, gave me new insight into my data.  I saved time during the process of merging and cleansing data that could then be put to better use exploring, analyzing, and making decisions with the data.  The work that previously required collaboration between several people to complete could be done by one person in a fraction of the time, which benefited everyone.
Alteryx has the full package starting with excellent customer service and continuing with an straightforward drag-and-drop interface.  An abundance of available nodes make it simple to pull in data from many different sources, merge, union, filter, sort, and even perform statistical or predictive analysis on your data, and then disseminate it to the proper stakeholders.  The visual nature of the product makes it accessible, even for beginners with no programming background, so they can start building queries right away.  What I love most is how it makes the part of my job that used to be the most tedious--data prep and cleansing--fast and effortless and even fun.  There are also many online training videos and community group to help build your knowledge of the product and its full range of capabilities.
Alteryx may be better suited to fields other than education; however, I can still find good use cases for it in my job.  
