Very positive and our current rep great and very helpful.
I mostly liked how easy it is to use. I feel the team works within the system.
So far I don’t least like anything about the system. 
The pricing of KEPA EHS  is relatively affordable compared to other systems. the quality of the resources is commentable as well. 
The best part of this software is how easy it is to use for both the end user, and the developer. New forms can be made quickly and deployed within minutes. The interface is straightforward and is easy to use for all of our employees. The controls are intuitive and it has helped our company streamline our processes and data collection.
Some of the barriers between sections within the platform were among the things I disliked the least. For example, I am unable to link forms to cours records until recently! Aside from that, there are no major issues with the system.
I have not used the tool as of yet because this popped up when I selected the free trial....
I have not used the tool as of yet because this popped up when I selected the free trial....
I have not used the tool as of yet because this popped up when I selected the free trial....
KPA website is very easy to use. I can add and remove employees easily. Its nice that we can customize the training to each individual employee if needed. We are able to keep track of outstanding issues throughout the dealership with pictures and descriptions that make it easy to find. I'm able to load my injuries and it keeps track for me to print my OSHA log when needed. 
Overall the system is pretty good, the only suggestion I would have is to somehow be able to track the training progress by departments. 
Excellent.  Knowledgeable and eager to help.
Having multiple locations the website makes it easy to find or enter information for all sites.
Sometimes get lost and forget which location I'm working with.
The ease that you can update your reports and keep track of issues and previous issue and most importantly, Training.
The search feature can sometimes be temperamental, some docs it picks up very quickly and some it does not find, even if you use the actual reference number for that doc.
Straight forward lay out. Training available is relevant to current times. 
There are no complaints here in regards to this software.
Fantastic. The only problems I have had is when it comes to technical support for the back end of the system, like API's.
Ease of creation of forms. Great user interface.
No ability to alert or set tasks to non users of KPA EHS.
iScout has been an incredible asset. We 100% recommend to any other EHS minded team. 
We have nearly eliminated paper from our safety reporting process.  Our techs in the field have increased the number of reports and we have much greater visibility on the safety of our team than ever before
The software is constantly updating, so occasionally there are some minor bugs with a new release. However they are always quickly fixed.
We benefit from KPA EHS in equipment inspection, task assignment and management of training aspects.

Desktop version for both MAC and Windows devices would be quite helpful in terms of user experience.
It is great to use.  However, the name is TERRIBLE.  I mean it is an absolutely atrocious name for the software.  I really believe it is hurting the product to have the name "KPA EHS."  That name could refer to anything by anyone and it is a mouthful.  
Easy to use and customize to your needs.  No specialized knowledge on mobile apps is required to us this.
Modifying forms that have been created is a bit clunky.
Our workers comp liability is running really well, our team knows we are invested in safty, compliance is always complete, training done and documented
This software enables our team to have up to date access at all times for issues, accidents, training, documents, and online link to purchase safety equipment needed
There is nothing I can identify at this time
We have been able to utilize the iScout platform to bring additional visibility and real time decision making to our HSE & operational processes.  The follow-up and action tracking integration into forms allows our operational team to verify and validate corrective actions.  There is not a system out there that has an easier customization ability.  
I love the fact that all of my site safety documents are all in one location making extremely easy for auditing purposes, also the ability to review documents daily from my desk. I had the site up and running in less then a week. The feedback from the front line supervisors has been extremely positive.
I like that all responses can be downloaded to excel and then trended using any platform.  I would like to see additional analytics built into the system utilizing a Microsoft BI or Tableau platform.  
Excellent experience overall
Easy to use and keep track of trainings and issues.
I don't have any issues with this software
We are solving everything with this software, just like the KPA portal. This software makes thing go nice and smooth.
This software is great, it makes my job much easier to get things done.
Their wasn't anything with this software that we didn't like. It made things much better and smoother if you ask me.
ease of use and the support we get from KPA
everything was good as usual. they are attentive to our needs.
KPA has been a fantastic company to work with for me.  The mixture of easy online services and knowledgeable reps has made for a great experience.
Easy to navigate, tracking employee training is a breeze, and there is quick access to safety data sheets.
I have not experienced any issues with this service.
Overall experience has been exceptional - their support team is nothing but fabulous.
The one on one customer service you receive is excellent.  The software is easy to follow and use. Even for the technology challenged - it was easy for them to jump in and use.  Allows us to create reports and conduct analytics on the data.  
Creating documents - but KPA was there to assist.  No matter how many times we decided to move in another direction. The set up was very easy with their guidance and direction.  
The customer support is one of the best I have experienced. They are open to new ideas and options to make the program work better for you specific needs.  
The ability to customize forms, checklists and pretty much anything you would need for compliance at your company 
I have not had an issue or customization that they could not deliver on. 
Probably the biggest benefit is having all of our data in one place as opposed to spreadsheets, file cabinets, etc. Along the same lines, having it in a place where all of our supervisors can access the data without going through me. :) 
The reporting features in Hazard Scout are what we use the most. We basically created a digital form to replace each of our paper forms, so now everything is online. Their reporting module lets you design your own forms and create as many as you want. They also let you setup notifications when someone fills out a report and you can see charts, etc for all of the reports.

We've only used the "acknowledgments" a few times but it has been a great way to verify communcation with everyone. We also track our employee training through Hazard Scout and that is perfect. Everything is basically customizable so we can create our own trainings, reports, etc.  We haven't used the equipment piece yet.

The pricing is also much better than comparable systems because it's month-to-month and based on usage. Our last service required a 3-year contract.
You can upload documents like PDFs to their resources screen, so we upload a lot of policy type documents so employees can download them. The search box only searches by the name of the document, but doesn't search the actual content of the PDF. It would be really handy if we could search by text inside the pdf. 
