It is exceptionally easy to utilize and anybody can utilize it. It has relatively little data as it straight forward in what you need. You can likewise redo a couple of angles to a great extent like what you need apparent on your receipt and what you don't. You can likewise make repeating solicitations and cluster solicitations which are exceptionally compelling for gathering retainer expenses and sending numerous solicitations on the double to your various clients. So it's astonishing quick, simple and straight forward.
I don't have many requirements perhaps customization may be an issue in the component yet for the present, it functions admirably for me. As an independent venture we additionally need support to a great extent however snagging PayPal's help group is a migraine so they ought to deal with that.
Invoicing helps those without paypal to still be able to pay for their invoice even if they don't have paypal themselves.
It is very easy to use and you are able to easily send invoices for payments. I have also paid others by being sent an invoice through this app.
I do with that it was more integrated with the paypal app itself. I seem to have to go into the desktop version of paypal to access the invoicing portion.
O faturamento e ótimo  vale apena , maravilhoso
O que mais gostei foi a facilidade,para funcionamento,para utilizar
O que menos gostei foi ,faturas de difícil acesso ,
My overall experienced in PayPal Invoicing t'was great.
The feature that has big impact to me about PayPal Invoicing is you can easy to make your invoice and to send and ask payment.
I'd like least about this software is you need to have an internet connection.
We have had a positive overall experience with PayPal Invoicing!
We use PayPal Invoicing for invoicing our customers as well as having our distributors send us an invoice! It has worked great for both!
We haven't had any issues with PayPal Invoicing and would definitely recommend it to anyone who asks!
My overall experience with paypal invoicing is that it's secure and easy for transactions, you get documentation of those transactions.  I've always for the most pay have felt safe on using this software.  
The best thing about paypal invoicing is you and safely and securely any types of business transactions.  It's fast easy and emails you all the details for documents you can save them in your email.  Best part if your a product tester this is an easy software to keep everything organized. 
I love paypal anything, I have no complaints. 
Great
You can design the invoice w ur logo keep track of ur records set up to send them automatically n send reminders & it gives them lots of options to pay 
I didnt find any cons for me personally w it
PayPal has been a wonderful solution that has allowed us to maintain low fees for sending invoices.
I love how easy ad simple PayPal invoicing is to use and the fees are affordable for a small business like mine.
PayPal invoicing is very simple so it may be lacking some of the more complex invoicing functions like scheduled payments for repeat customers.
The overall experience is second to none. I love that I can just use emails to send the invoice. I also love that I can leave notes and even create my own numbering system to keep track of payments. I use this exclusively to get payments done for two of my businesses and it is seamless. 
PayPal Invoicing makes it so simples to create and send digital invoices. My favorite thing is that I can just use an email to send the invoice and receive the money. 
I know this may seem crazy but there is nothing I don't like about PayPal's invoicing system. It is phenomenal. 
I use the application weekly and I have been receiving it in a practical way
I really like the pay pal to receive my payments
I don't really like the pay pal because it has a fee, but I understand that the company has to have its earnings
Easy to use and integrate with website hosts and shopping carts.	Not for high-risk or high-volume businesses.
One of the most commonly used payment processing platforms best App
Not for high-risk or high-volume businesses.
One of the most commonly used payment processing platforms.
Easy to setup and use.
Your customers/clients may already be familiar with PayPal.
You don't need a merchant account.
Your customers/clients to your PayPal account for your payment.
You can create invoices through your account directly.
PayPal charges lower than merchant accounts (currently 2.9% + $0.30 for debit and credit card purchases).
You can set it up recurring.
You can integrate PayPal with a number of shopping cart systems.
Digital goods are not covered by PayPal's Seller Protection policies.
There are huge fees for chargebacks.
You are limited in use and subject to account suspension at any time which may result in funds being frozen for several months.
It may take up to four business days for the withdrawn funds to be cleared in your bank account.
There are a number of people who refuse to use PayPal, which can lead to loss of business.
It can be difficult to contact the PayPal customer service department.
The decision to use or not to use PayPal as your primary online payment processor is a big one and can definitely affect your business. It is always a good idea to explore your options before making a decision.
What I like best about PayPal Invoicing is the way that they don't take an absurd level of your benefit like most different applications.
 You can manage client exchanges rapidly and easily. You can compose your own terms of administrations and discount strategies. It is completely dealt with by your PayPal account so installments are not difficult to get and oversee. 
The solitary thing that I could say I loathe about PayPal Invoicing is that your customers must have a smidgen more trust in you. There are different stages that have ensures, and different stages that are better at forestalling extortion. 
I use Paypal as my payment base, and so far I've never had any problems.
Practicality and market acceptance, payment method accepted worldwide.
The software layout could have a little more shortcut items.
I like that it is accepted by mostly all the Merchants , on the top you do have options to buy Stocks, Bitcoins etc. Many cashback offers are availble.
I use to face issue to add balance to wallet with my Card
I love how easy it is to draft and send invoices as well as track the payment completion.
No cons that I can think of with PayPal Invoicing. 
I will continue to use PayPal Invoicing for when I need to create a receipt for my customers.
I love using PayPal Invoicing because it provides a receipt for my customers and they can see how much they paid for their goods. 
What I like least with PayPal Invoicing is simply it is time consuming to use. I don't care for how the logo feature looks on the invoice and that could be improved.
I use this paypal invoicing alot in my trade shows that i do and online when i sell something. It easy way for customers to pay for what they buy. 
This is great program.  I highly recommend this to anyone that is in business or a vendor doing shows. Alot of times there are customers who don't have money right away.  So i take down information about the customers for paypal invoicing.  Paypal invocing is basically sending a bill to the customers to pay for what they bought from you.  I love this features.  It easy to use and get your money right away.  I love this program and i do recommend it highly. 
I don't have anything against or anything to sad bad about this paypal invoicing. I recommend it to anyone. It really worth using this.
You can use this system efficiently once you are trained. New employees have no clue what to do 
You cannot use this to populate any data. The issue I face is that we can't run historic reports of anything with this and customer service is just so far away from reality that they don't know what that even means. They only new a few things and the company keeps them in the dark
Very easy to use and manage online invoices.
Online money transfer is easy with PayPal and it is a great addition to be able to create an invoice for clients. 
Trust of the brand and the reputation of PayPal is helping to establish a good relationship with the customers.
Very reliable product.
The buyer protection policy is making the sellers' life difficult if the buyer reports any item different than described. They get their money back, but the items are not easy to get returned if returned at all.
