As more and more companies using office 365, integration with Microsoft Flows would be a great feature that will enable us to integrate with other tools such as Teams, Outlook..
Easy to use, have been using it for more than 2 years
No integration with Microsoft Flows yet, we used to use Hipchat but now switched to Microsoft Teams
I would say 3 out of 5 , simple but not complete for all usage.
I think tool was pretty simple to use and add bugs and mange status of each bugs. Buy it is good for small teams not for enterprise usage. We're different team working on different projects.
Missing thing's were like no agile flow, better summary report , integration with other tools like zira, trello or slack.

DoneDone has continued to be a great resource for us, and they have shown they are committed to enhancing their product.
The ability to customize aspects that make sense for our organization or for the project in general...we didn't have to modify our way of discussing the project to fit within a cookie-cutter project management tool.
Searching for past projects is always a little cumbersome.  Plus, I wish there was a way to "star" important aspects that can be referenced more easily later.
Worked perfectly for our organization. In fact, we've transitioned to DoneDone 2 and think this will allow us to be even more effective in serving our clients.
DoneDone is straight forward to use and it was perfect for Public Issues, which we used as our HelpDesk communications utility.
Can not "claim" an issue when it comes in. It's automatically assigned to a specific person, who may or may not be there.
Loved it for what it is, but we have outgrown it rather quickly bc its too rigid :(
My team likes it, there is no ramp up time and its very simple to export all the ticket details, plus Slack integration
Because none of the drop down menus are customizable and because its not possible to create categories for disposition, reason codes, etc I'm going to have to cancel it.
We are using DoneDone to track status of issues in our SaaS product. Service management team creates new tickets and assigns them to the relevant team member, who then updates ticket status, once progress is made.  
This works perfectly for our internal bug fixing process. 
We enjoy using DoneDones because it's very user-friendly. It's very easy to find issues, filter by key terms, create new issues  and communicate with team members. 
We haven't so far found anything that we don't like. Perhaps we could benefit from havinf additional notifications for overdue issues or tickets that have not been updated for a long time.
I switched from notion although notion has better functionalities if one bothers to deeply understand notion. In my case done done has a more beautiful interface which makes it more fun to use.

I occasionally switch between those two but see myself moving all in to done done for managing my tasks soon.
DoneDone has improved a lot and came with extra feature. I do hope that will will implement more project related features as well. They started out well with the newly implemented Kanban boards.
Beautiful UI combined with advanced task management. I loved its easy implementation within my workflow but simply creating tasks. Customised tagging and tables for own kanban boards are also a must for me. Thankfully it has since implemented. You even can set reminders for your self and your team when a task is due.
Sometimes I feel myself missing some features for project and task management. There should be more improvement regarding that.
What I liked most about the software is that I am able to see the status of every invoice/purchase orders from our customers by including it in our process workflow.
What I liked least about this software is that it can't import to excel a summary that I wanted to but for the price it is completely acceptable.
It's easy to use for both me and my team. Everyone knows exactly where different projects stand. When something is fixed, we close it out, but all the information is archived. 
The only thing I wish is that there was a link to jump to the bottom of long posts. 
I use this software on a daily basis - I manage all my tasks, queries and projects with ease. This is an incredible piece of software - it makes my life incredibly easy. Easy to communicate with the client and reporting the production tickets.
Lack of customization workflows. I wish is that there was a link to jump to the bottom of long posts.
It's very organised and helps prioritizing bugs to fix 
That there is no way to add comments directly on the platform you are QAing. 
We use donedone for website QAing and we find it very hard to explain the bug in writing so we need to screenshot the problem and add explanation on the screen shot and then add it to the comment in donedone. I wish there was another way like Pastel...
Its a little strict, you could say, so some of my produtcs have gone beyond what 'DoneDone' could do. But it is very good and its features are admirable and consistent. 
The ability to customize our projects in general...There's no need to make our features fit our way of discussing the project to fit within any sort of publicity stunt. 
None of the 'drop down' menus are customizable. Not to mention that its not possible to create categories for disposition, reason codes, amongst others.
ease of communication between multiple people
wish there was a follow up reminder feature that could be set up so that any projects you were associated with could have weekly or bi-weekly reminders based of off profile settings.
DoneDone has been a useful tool for us to use at Nuscreen to manage website build projects during the QA phase. DoneDone allows quick and easy collaboration between our developers and clients making it easy to track progress of any fixes being worked on. 
It's easy for clients to learn, understand and use. 
Limited in project management features and ticket details to implement fix. 
I can say it was wonderful that we are using this application for our daily track
I have been using this service from the past 8 months. I see lot of updates happened which understands user needs and flexibility.
Not seen in my work point of view. It's more efficient if we can get an application for mobile devices like android and Apple for real-time updates
We were able to use the API to build our own frontend to the system, so that our clients don't need a DD login to submit tickets to us, but can also track progress on their tickets.
The workflow isn't 100% clear, and it seems to have changed in the last year or so.
Website maintenance 
Intuitive and good updates.  I really enjoy the ease of use.
Nothing .  All and all a very good platform.
The design/development group we hired to build the website for our university department introduced us to DoneDone. During the design phase, between face-to-face working meetings, DoneDone proved to be an optimal platform to refined bite-sized design issues, and to keep everyone abreast of the emerging design. During the testing phase, DoneDone was a simple, transparent conduit of issues found and issues resolved. Currently, in the site maintenance phase, we, as clients, use DoneDone maybe a dozen or so times a year, and it is all just easy and straightforward.
DoneDone is the issue tracking system used by the website design and development group that my university department hired for our website. As a client user of DoneDone I love the "transparency" of the DoneDone issue posting system: I can see the input and responses of everyone involved in tackling an issue, and I can add additional stakeholders as necessary. As a result, we are all always clear on who's doing what and the status of an issue. By comparison, the bug/issue tracking system that is used by my university's IT department is cumbersome, confusing, and non-transparent. The user experience is poor, and the complexity discourages me from reporting all but the most serious issues.
As a client user of the DoneDone software, I have no dislikes. It is a simple, clean user interface and interaction that nicely focuses the communication between the client team and the design/development team.
We have used donedone for ticket management for several years for defect tracking. Some time ago we also started using it for software requirements and it works fairly well if you know the limitations and figure out work arounds.
The mobile app - I want it to remember that I filter to All tickets and not just my tickets everytime I log in. I have to change the filter everytime.

Allow us to add custom fields to the donedones.
We have been trying out DoneDone a a new ticketing system and so far so good .
The email follow up option is very useful and gets a lot of usage from me . The Overview is concise and easy to comprehend . You can prioritize tickets and give  them deadlines .
If too many tickets add up ,the interface gets confusing and hard to manage . It can be hard to find the exact content you need via the search .
