Simple to use, easy to direct someone to the site to get a download, or email them a link.
Occasionally on a bad connection, it will freeze up, but that is hardly the fault of the software.
We have solved numerous issues such as on site printer issues, upgrades etc.
This software is able to do everything TeamViewer could do but for a quarter of the price. Our IT department love the software and have already told friends and family to jump on board.
That you can not take full control of a mobile device from a desktop admin.
Have not needed to use support, software is easy to implement.
Provides a dashboard (Business App) that shows all computers.  Easy to rename, access, and gives options for reboots remotely.  Good picture quality depending on ISP speeds.  Allows file transfers both ways, shows dual monitors.
It can get expensive but is much cheaper than LogMeIn.  
I purchased the Splashtop Remote support and realized it was not the right app I needed for my business,  couple of days later I contacted the support  and no questions asked they refunded me the full amount, so the purchased the S.O.S. On demand which is the one I am using for the past 2 months now with no issues or what so ever, very satisfied with the product and service I have received. I highly recommend!
I had the opportunity to modify the appearance with my company logo. customer app is lightweight and easy to use, best support app!! 
No cons!! easy installation and quick to assist my costumers
Splashtop is so easy for our non-tech customer to set up. We can access their computers to install our software and give them training without needing to talk them through installation.
Occasionally we need to bring on a service rep to help diagnose problems. Would be nice if more than one of us to be able to use the same license at the same time on the same remote computer.
We use this to troubleshoot end-users' laptops when they are working remotely. 
Great tool for IT remote access for end-user support. Works like Logmein Rescue but faster and ultimately much cheaper. 
There isn't much to dislike about this tool. It is a lightweight remote access tool that works as advertised. No complaints.
I called On-Demand support when I had some initial questions about the Tool and these were quickly addressed in detail. They even followed up to make sure that I was satisfied and all my issues were resolved.
Very easy to use, has all the features that I need to remotely access and address other computers.  This is a cost effective alternative to Team Viewer program for engineers like myself who do not use such a tool on a regular basis to warrant the purchase of Team Viewer.  I am most pleased with the initial customer support that quick addressed my questions.  I would recommend it to others.
There is nothing that I dislike about this software.  
Very happy
Ease of use for quick installation for me and my brother and sister
So far I am very pleased.  I can remote into computers with multiple monitors however only 2 monitors are supported.  In other words, my brother uses 3 monitors and I use 2.  I can scroll between his 3 monitors which work fine for me.
It simply works (and well). It's nice to be able to also support on any smart phone.
There is nothing I've found yet that I don't like.
Remote support to clients to save money on going onsite. 
Pricing is excellent compared to the other remote options, it is very easy to use and it gets the job done with no issue.
Currently, It works well for my company and has had no issues.
The software is easy to use for the tech and the support client. 
I can't really think of anything that I don't like about it.
Able to easily install software updates and trouble shoot and fix issues




Extremely reliable, secure and easy to use for both remote support unit and remote client

I have not encountered any disappointing features
The exe is simple to deploy, just copy it to the public documents folder on a Windows machine and put a shortcut to it in the public desktop folder.  Easy access for any user.
None to date, the software just works pure and simple.
It's made remote support easy for us and our customers.
The price and performance.  It's allowed my small company to offer remote support services at a reasonable price.
Nothing yet.  It's working exactly as advertised.
I first received a free one year trial version when attending SpiceWorld in 2018 and saw the value when i used it to support phones. So the next year purchased a license 
Price and it works on phones
Easy to talk end users through agent install
At this time I have not come across anything I dislike
In the rare instance I have had a connectivity issue (usually user issue), they have either answered the phone and helped right away or called back within 30 minutes. That is a rarity these days!
This product is the easiest to use across multiple operating systems period. it just works.
There is nothing I don't like in 40 characters, lol
An incredible answer for any autonomous IT support proficient. In the event that you don't have to deal with a pool of clients, SOS is an easy decision
Particularly in the event that I required the customer to share their work area. Then, at that point I took a gander at TeamViewer and thought that it was exceptionally simple to utilize yet the expense was above what we could legitimize with the occasions we need to utilize a distant connection. Splashtop is extremely financially savvy, simple to utilize and has more usefulness than we need. Unlike TeamViewer that didn't get refreshed to work with Android 9, with SOS, I can distantly see phones and tablets running Android 9 and its expanded security. I unloaded TeamViewer for being over-evaluated and not staying aware of the new Android OS distant access. 
Not a genuine scrutinize, but rather the greatest issue is by all accounts when I tell customers the urs (sos.splashtop.com), and they struggle getting it and think it is a bit abnormal. 
great value, and the interface works well.
The ability to transfer files, solve issues remotely and do it easily makes this product great for the IT pro.
The shared screen can be hard read when small text is displayed.
Overall it has been very  good experience and helped us provide high level of support service to our clients, although some customers took sometime to get use to the idea of generating the code first then provide us with it over our live chat but in most cases it was a straight fw process and easy to use
Easy using of the software, download small file and install it then it will generate a code, from your end through business app you can use this code to access the computer.
You can access different computers at the same time.
more than one tech can work on same session.
Add notes to each session.
Has option to reboot, chat, full control on the remote computer.
Adjust the software to be branded
Work on most mobiles as well
If possible to add some features:
Customer can initiate chat from his end instead of lunching software and generate a new code every time.
If it can save chat history automatically of every session.
All I can say is that this product is excellent 
Very easy to use, easy to deploy, excellent step by step instructions for end users to follow, configuration is a breeze 
Android app deployment is hard for just any regular user
