I got PingPlotter because I was having flaky Internet connections, and I couldn't figure out what the problem was. I could use Email and simple web surfing, but anything more than that was difficult at best and impossible at worst. Windows 10 Ping program wasn't very helpful.

I went online looking for a better, free solution, and I saw many recommendations for PingPlotter. PingPlotter comes with a 15 day free trial of the Pro Version, and that turned out to be very helpful. By monitoring multiple targets continuously over several days, I found patterns in my Internet connection that helped me figure out, in consultation with my ISP where the problems were. I am now working towards a resolution of those problems.

 I highly recommend PingPlotter as a simple-to-use, helpful tool for diagnosing Internet connection problems.

Lo utilizo en clase de gestión de redes, junto con GNS3 para mostrar a los alumnos una herramienta sencilla de monitorización, sin complicarse mucho. En gestión de redes es muy importante que la complejidad no te devore y centrarse en la gestión clara, sencilla y ordenada.
excelent montor tolos for Job and analysys
We’ve been having service outages with our Commercial- Time Warner/ Spectrum Cable internet service for a few months.  We’ve had five different technician visits over this time trying to resolve the same issue.  With all of the visits we have replaced every piece of internal house cabling and external drop to the pole tap, and all the modem/ router/ switches.  And at a serious cost!  The last two visits were by senior technicians and they came with laptops to show us the health history of our account.  We had be writing down the times and dates of the outages to help them pinpoint the problem.  What we found is their sampling rate time frame is way broader than they were telling us.  Meaning we could tell them the service was out for say an hour on this day/time, but they couldn’t see it on their tools dashboard.   Looking forward to clearing up the intermittent outages problem.  Many thanks!
