Qualtrax (the company) has been nothing less than one of our top suppliers. Customer support personnel through executive management always have been available and willing to discuss accomplishments and continual improvements regarding the system. There is a constant dialog between Qualtrax and the customer regarding user experience(s). 

Qualtrax (the software) is such a unique and fluid product. Allowing for compliance while having the flexibility to cater a software to our business principles is exceptional. This flexibility made the learning curve far less than it could have been. The system is very user friendly and straight forward from a user perspective. 

The system is as good as you are creative. 
Flexibility - allows you to design the system around the methods your company works
Workflows 
Process Efficiency 
Accuracy
Traceability
Groups/Permissions
Reports (Customizable) 
Cost
Workflows, (rearranging steps)
Testing (data entry - no copy test / paste test option - redundent)
Workflow file attach (lacks multiple file upload option)
No incremental revision option (such as 1.1, 1.2, 1.3)
Qualtrax is a great tool for organizing information, helps eliminate paper with workflows, and is easily accessible.  And their customer support is absolutely wonderful.  They are quick to respond and always able to help!
I have been using Qualtrax for over 5 years and my favorite thing about it is the ability to easily organize a lot of stuff.  We've found that having everything in one place really helps with keeping things up to date and quickly finding things.
I really like all of Qualtrax, but if I had to pick one thing that I'd like to see improved, it would be to more easily set up email reminders, especially for workflows.
TAking out a lot of the manual and tedious requirements for document and training oversight.
The document, training and testing aspects.  What a great compilation to start.  Hoping to add risk management and other automated features.
There is nothing that I have found that I do not like.
Our previous software system was not configurable.  Personnel could not easily find the documents they were looking for.  Administration personnel was limited so there was less interaction between departments.  Qualtrax improved all these.
Impactful features include:
configurable
easy to learn
help screens are awesome
customer service is amazing
When there are features we would like to see added, we can place them in a portal for consideration.  Support personnel are helpful in finding workarounds.
asasdffasasdffasasdffasasdffasasdffasasdff
asasdffasasdffasasdffasasdffasasdffasasdff
This is a great company to work with. The sales process was not pushy, and they were honest and up front about what the product could and could not do, which is very refreshing for a software company.

The onboarding process was great. The trainers are very skilled and personable. The follow up to questions is prompt and very helpful. 

Technical support is excellent. They respond in a timely manner - same day in every instance where I've needed them. Speaking to a live person who lives in the US is becoming harder and harder to find, but these guys do it!

They also have an annual User's Conference, which does cost money, but is worth its weight in gold. It's limited capacity ensures you get one-on-one attention from their technical team if needed, and networking with other users proved invaluable. We were able to share workflows with other users and use their designs to implement in our own system. Very, very helpful. 
I love the flexibility that workflows offer. We initially purchased the platform for document management and audit preparedness, which it does exceptionally well. We have expanded its use far beyond our quality department thanks to the workflows functionality.

Nearly any process that your organization currently does on paper can be automated as a workflow. This reduces paper, eliminates the possibility of something getting lost or buried under a stack of other documents, and makes reporting a breeze.
They recently released a dashboard, but unfortunately, the dashboard does not offer click-through functionality. For example, I can see how many open items I am responsible for, as well as their status (new, approaching, late, expedited), but if I click on expedited tasks in the dashboard, I'm taken to my general inbox, which includes ALL tasks, documents, and workflows.

It's a small thing, really, but it does leave something to be desired from the user perspective. 
Qualtrax has made managing ISO/IEC 17025  and NELAP compliance of a multi-site environmental laboratory system (drinking water/waste water) much easier through electronic approval process with email reminders;  storage and management  of documents in one cloud based location and streamlining compliance management processes to your organization on track.
*Ease of set up/implementation and use
*On site training for staff 
*Best In Class Templates and Workflows
*Excellent Customer Support 
*Flexibility in Licenses (Dedicated/Concurrent)
*Cloud based system (automatic upgrades)
*Document control and traceability in one system
*Ability to share templates and workflows with other Qualtrax Users
*Ideas from the Aha! Ideas portal are often implemented in new software upgrades which allows customers to have more confidence in the product 

* Have had the system since mid 2018 and haven't had any major  issues with Qualtrax that the awesome Customer Support Team didn't assist me with.
Stellar.
We are finding new items we can document control and track in Qualtrax every day. We use it not only for ISO compliance, but Health and Safety as well.  Once we complete our certification, and are a fully functioning laboratory, we may find even more uses. All of the preloaded items we found very useful and have put them into use. The training and support team have been very helpful with any questions, and the monthly meetings I've had with our [SENSITIVE CONTENT] is an unusual aspect to this company that I have found wonderful. It's nice to know they are invested in the product.
I have not had any problems to date. When I had a question, the support team was able to help me within the same day.
Good software not hard to use 
Electronic system no more paper easy to use software 
Need a few more user friendly adjustments 
Overall, my experience with Qualtrax has been very positive.  The Qualtrax team is very helpful in training our team to use the software in a way that will benefit our company. 
Qualtrax software is user friendly and has made our document control process efficient.  Qualtrax has also improved our processes for corrective actions as well.  The Qualtrax team is very helpful in explaining their product.
I do not have any negative feedback at this time because we are in the process of learning the Qualtrax System.
 Overall this system is very well put together and will organize company's quality system. Qualtrax customer service and tech support are always available.
This system has the option to attach Compliance Standards to documents and within workflows. It also has the capability to filter reports by Standards. Analyst competency is a big part of compliance. This system allows you to create  trainings and tests schedules to maintain analyst's competency. Proficiencies  (blind samples) can be tracked by workflows.
Also Collaboration is critical in quality control. This system allows multiple analysts to participate in a workflow instance. This means that if one analyst initiated a workflow then another analyst can finish. It documents which analyst completed each step in that instance. One can also create groups that will have specific permission within Qualtrax. 
Consequently, Risk assessment is critical for Compliance. This workflow can be initiated for multiple reasons and can trigger corrective action workflow if necessary. 
It is also very helpful that several accrediting bodies are also using Qualtrax. 


I think that it would be helpful to have list custom field alphabetized. It would also be helpful to create a workflow instance URL links to allow the auditor see a particular workflow.
Positive and personable company to work with. 
The systems core functions work extremely well and are very intuitive. The path to implementation is much faster than comparable systems (we were live in 3-4 months from go). Moving from paper-based to electronic doc management and QMS has been highly valuable for our organization
There are a few areas that don't have all the functionality we would use in our organization, such as spaces for making notes when doing gap analysis. None of these are major and most have workarounds. On a positive note, the focus on having the best "core" features as opposed to being a one-stop-shop is the better route in my opinion.
Very responsive and willing to help with problems.  
The features and functionality of the software are more than our lab would likely use, but it's nice that they are available.  
We have issues with viewing completed tests within the system. 
Our overall experience with Qualtrax has been wonderful! We have been users for over a decade and have watched this company evolve catering to our specific needs. Every issue has been resolved and done so in a very timely and ethical manner. The AHA site makes for a great and easy way to offer suggestions and also to receive support. Our company has had a ROI equivalent to 100's of thousands of dollars with the implementation of Qualtrax workflows.  Qualtrax is a powerful tool for effectively maintaining a quality management system within your business.  A few months ago the president visited our site here in northern Virginia just to check in on us.  How awesome is that!!! As a customer it was very cool to see them take the time to visit our facility and see Qualtrax in action and address any concerns that we may have had. So again, our experience as a whole has been A++++!! Thanks Qualtrax for standing behind your product as well as you do!!
USER FRIENDLY
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Workflows


THE LOOK OF THE  INBOX PAGE. KINDA BORING...
I was handed the Qualtrax platform during my first days on the job and instructed to implement it across the laboratory branch system.  The customer support was and is still incredible.  The software effortlessly expands to meet our needs.  The product development team is constantly adapting and improving the functionality of the system.  One of the best gems of Qualtrax is the Users conference that even after 5 years of using the system, still allows me to expand my knowledge of the software.
Electronic reminders for due date, revisions and document reviews.
Workflow module for tracking equipment, CAPAS, customer feedback and a multitude of other activities that are critical to lab management.
The calendar feature on the dashboard has never been useful
Our  experience with Qualtrax has been great. It has increased our efficiency in document management and employee training. Greatly decreased our audit preparation time due to efficient document management. It's been a game changer for us.
Software is very functional and user friendly. The Qualtrax team is always evaluating their product and increasing the functionality to meet customer needs. 
There is nothing really to not like. Workflows are the most difficult part to learn but with a little practice, anyone can become an expert.
Great for document control
User friendly with timely updates and customer support.
Needs more traceability options for laboratories.
Qualtrax provides all the necessary tools for document control, sharing documents and compliance needs. Technical support is quick and efficient.
This software is user friendly, easy to administer, and functionality is flexible..
I haven't found anything that I don't like yet.
This will create more efficient document control and process workflows.
Flexibility and User-friendliness                                                            
Training workflow does not allow for bi-annual and subsequent annual training frequencies as per CLIA requirements for competency.
This product has assisted our agency in achieving forensic accreditation.  It is perfect for this purpose and the service Qualtrax provides its customers is amazing.  I am extremely happy we moved forward with the purchase of Qualtrax for our quality assurance needs!
I have no complaints about this software.  We are extremely happy.
