Easy to use software, lots of options for clients’ history, ability to check sales and inventory easily 
I wish there was a gift certificate option that could be purchased online, that I could add to my online shop. Please make this option available! Also, an option to buy treatment series by client on the website 
It's been a pleasure,  just a little more kinks to workout.
It does the work for you,  it makes my life so easy....
Send out appointment  times and confirmations to alert clients. 
When someone books an appointment,it doesn't let you know exactly, you can go into your settings and change it, it's to many notifications.  Thet should be a notification when they book online and have time blockage so you don't over book when clients  already booked.
I wouldn't want to run my business without it.. love the automatic text and email reminders to clients for appointments..
Easy to use even for the technically challenged.  When I have had issues (usually caused by me) they were quickly and efficiently handled with a phone call to customer service.  
How user friendly it is. Few things have changed over the years but overall a really good software. 
There used to be a reminder for pricing we used to charge it now it’s not there anymore sometimes it’s frustrating remembering what you charged for a certain service. 
I love how easy and user friendly your site is. I have no issues with any of your program  I tried others but yours is easy to use. 
I love that it is simple to use, changing fees and appointments as needed on my mobile is easy. Your site is very user friendly. 
Unable to put electronic records in. More medical charts would be a benefit specially consent forms. 
- Tech Service interested to push us on staying "STUPID" and spend lots of $$ instead to help us solve the glitch.
- So, after such a long "partnership" we say to Salon Iris "Sayonara Boby" and move on.

To all the users that need software for their work or salon:
- Make a list of what exactly options do you need.
- Google for those options and read other users' reviews.
- Make sure you RUN a test for some time to see the + / - of the software.
- Look at the Privacy and use of that particular software.
- USE Square for your CC needs

I'm not going to make advertising for the software we are using now but definitely is NOT Salon Iris.
In the end, we wish all the best to DayDream Team and "speedy recovery" :)
Cover most of the needed day by day Salon & Spa Operation tasks. 10 years ago was not much tech or alternative available options.
Because we use this software 6 days a week for some years now, I have a chance to see what's NOT SO GOOD about it, and here are some of them:
- The Software core was design back more than 10 years ago.
- Very rigid with no option to add/remove any extensions that you need or not.
- UI interface design do not change much over the years.
- Very hoggy on computer resources, sometimes was needed lots of work to communicate with other computers or printers in the same network.
- Company DaySmart does not lessen to clients need - IT Attitude, I know, What's new?
- The credit card run was buggy and costly.
- Reports need some work and coffee to come up with some tax documentation.
- Recently the final straw. The email extension work on/off creating confusion among our clients.
I wish Salon Iris had the full version for the iPad as for the regular pc
It’s good. 
I like most is the reminders that get sent out
I hated before that when you tried to block off it made you do a title but it’s got fixed now so no problem 
It’s been a great software to start with and has worked well for my small business. There are small things I would like to see changed but for the most part, it’s been good and is a reasonable price. 
I like the ease of use, it’s pretty easy to navigate around. Lots of helpful reports for the business and very detailed client profiles. The text reminder are great to have as well! 
There are certain features as a stylist that need to be tweaked. One is, for example, If a client comes in and wants to only buy product, you can’t just close it out, it has to have a service with it. Also, there is a limit on the amount of texts per month, and you pay for overages. Seems like we are past those types of charges in this day and age. I would certainly use the marketing more if that wasn’t the case. Very limited customer service if you have a lower end package. That should be there for everyone if you want them to be satisfied. 
We cringe at how we used to do things on paper and had to flip pages to find things, if we could. It’s so easy to get any information we need instantly.
User friendly booking and so many options for cross references 
The credit card system it uses, Cardpoint Card Connect, is easy enough to use but is difficult to navigate and maintain compliance.
I enjoyed that the software gives you the ability to integrate everything in one. 
I primarily bought this to use the reputation management function, however I felt that it wasn't as useful in execution. The leave a review function allows the customer to simply leave a rating that you can see but doesnt get published. They would need to complete an additional step, which some do not do. 
Overall, I will continue to use DaySmart for as long as my business is in operation!
I love how easy it is to use for the client and also for staff members. The app is super handy, and any time I have had any questions, the support has been great.
I can not flag someone and prevent them from booking. Also, if they have no showed, there is nothing that pops up to remind us that they have no showed when they are trying to book an appt again. That is frustrating.
Overall, I am satisfied. Some minor tweaks would go a long way.
I enjoy the ability to serve my clients on the go. I am not tied to a physical book, so I can schedule or re-schedule clients wherever I am, whenever I need.
The software does not easily accommodate scheduling multiple appointments for the same person. Further, I don't use the product as a POS, so I don't need the "Checkout and payment" features. I would like a simple "Checked In" option, so that the client was marked as having attended their appointment without having to go through the multi-step process of checking out, which is unnecessary for me.
I am happy to say that I'm glad I selected to use IRIS software to help manage my company over your competitors.  Moreover, my partners and I are happy with the support department.  We had one bad experienced with a technical support member but when our rep called us back to apologize and spent 1.57 hour to help guide us to better understand the software.  Our rep is very patient and took his time walk us through the process of setting up the software and took his time showing us the great things IRIS offers that we didn't know about.  Our rep is exactly what Customer Satisfaction truly means.  Thank You and please keep up the GREAT job!  
Customers tracking, Taxes, appointment reminders.  Many options and features.  
Cash draw opens on credit card purchase and the "comments" on the ticket does not show on the ticket when printed.  The "comments" actually important to us and probably to other users.  
Easy to use 
Easy for clients
Easy to add services
Paying for text messages 
Can not permanently remove past employees 

Mike helped us today and he was more than helpful and we appreciate his hard work! He was able to help with all of the questions that we had. 
The emailing system I believe needs some altering. We have had clients show up at the wrong time many times bc of the email format. 
Very good. But would love the above as well. 
Appt scheduling and online scheduling are great! Support is great. 
Want more reporting capabilities.  Would like to access and download all my data and run my own filters in excel. Would like more marketing capabilities. Would like new templates. Would like to be able to reuse and modify old marketing. 
Always helpful and friendly. I'm computer illiterate and they walk me through everything with a great attitude. I would and have referred all stylist to this easy program!
Been great. 
It’s easy to set up and helps keep track of all the important information you need for running a business. 
Cell phone app can be difficult to navigate at times. Doesn’t show if someone confirms appointment or not. I have to look at the desk top version to see. 
I love that it has a booking calendar for appointments, client management, and POS all in one! Super straight forward for inventory, scheduling, adding employees and clients to the system. 
There are a few areas that could be more user friendly. Overriding and customizing things like packages and gift certificates is a little messy. 
