Vero has been instrumental to improving our behavioural workflows and nudging future clients throughout our conversion funnel. We are now implementing new workflows and use the newsletter function too. When I need customer support, it's always exceptionally fast and helpful. Thank you to the team for creating such a great product and service.
Tag management is still evolving, but the team has been very helpful with this, and clear product development priorities also support a great client experience.
We deliver millions of transactional, behavioural and newsletter e-mails a year via Vero.  Even though the product is still developing it does work properly. When something happens or help is needed the Vero crew is always prepared to help out. Their staff and founder are very customer centric.
Vero offers very good possibilities to operate at scale. It also offers an interface that makes it quite easy to get started with setting up campaigns. The way that Vero is set up helps us to deliver large amounts of multi lingual AND multi brand e-mails through the same system and production environment. Another positive thing is that Vero releases value adding updates on a frequent base, indicating that the product is developing in the right direction.
Some functionalities are not 100% (mature) yet. For example if you have a large number of campaings there should be easier ways to group and keep track of hem. Also there's no solution yet for making changes to a large number of campaings that use the same template. This can cost a marketeer manual work if there are many campaings that need to be manipulated individually. 
I cannot praise Vero’s customer support enough. [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] are fantastic to work with and have great solutions for my team very quickly. I like the flexibility of Vero where we can do data focused marketing. It is challenging working with a platform with minimal users so you cannot collaborate or find resources, but Vero’s customer-centric approach makes for quick answers. 
This is by far the best customer success team I’ve worked with in email marketing. Not only do they respond within the hour, but they have a solution to my problem within the day. 
The software allows for great customization by letting more complex data flow from our data warehouse into the MAP. The API is an integral part of their product offering and the emphasis on event-driven email workflows means that ignoring it is missing a lot of the value. Because of this, leads will be able to receive the respective emails that are more focused on where they are in the buying funnel based on actions that they take. The workflows and behavior generated automatic emails have a great UI, making it very easy to see which emails contacts could be sent. I also really love having different environments to do email testing/building without “dirtying up” my actual sending environment. This is the only MAP I’ve seen that does this and it makes implementation and building out campaigns so much nicer. 
The software itself is more technical than others where it might not be user friendly to the general marketer. Unless your team has experience working with code and data management, you may need to partner with a technical person at your company (if you do, that is a pro given the technical freedom you have). The way staging and production environments are setup could be better. It works pretty well, but data mapping between the different environments is a bit tricky. For example, you aren’t able to delete properties and properties don’t auto-create across and environments or data doesn’t sync between the different properties to the respective contact. 
Vero is a very cost effective means for our company to execute automated follow-up campaigns for prospects that request quotes.
Customer Service for set-up was exceptional.  Set-up was a bit confusing but Customer Service responded quickly every time we had a question.
Merge features in Workflow is a bit lacking.
Vero is very powerful and has a solid support for liquid templating language and connecting to external API sources, which is a major plus for us.
The editor for building newsletters could be better.
- ease of use
- simple features, but right for our needs: event based campaign triggers, localisation, segments
- good customer support
- slow and sometime unintuitive interface - although it is constantly improving
Ease of use, right features for our business needs (fusion is great) and great valie for money!
Like all tools, has occasional slowness / degraded services.. But at least it has been improving!
Unlike other services, Vero handles transactional emails in addition to triggered and marketing emails. This allow you to have everything under the same roof. The UI is fairly easy to navigate and the team has been adding new features regularly. The customer service is also really responsive and helpful with the founder helping us on a few occasions. 
Having every type of email under the same roof is a definite plus. We used to have subscriptions to several services to accomplish what we were doing in Vero.
The email templates could use more love. They really need a wysiwyg interface, so that non-technical colleagues can easily design and send emails. They only currently have support for importing HTML and modifying copy.
As a user I enjoy the ad free side, hitting  target audiences who are following us and categorizing them but it would be helpful to have an analytics section to fully understand who our viewers are.
Vero is a social media platform free of ads and with the ability to share post with a selection of audiences they are aiming to target.
The downfall is not having the platform to gather future audiences via analytics. It would be helpful for those who are viewing our site to gather information for future target audiences, therefore providing better content.
We love Vero! Incredible email marketing software that has had a great impact on our online sales
- The focus on data-driven email marketing and prioritisation of HTML email as opposed to drag and drop builders
- The dedication of the incredible Vero team to providing 24/7 customer support through Slack
- Some features missing, particularly in regards to flexible segmentation
Graphically awesome, the interface is as clean and smooth as it gets. Easily beats Facebook or Twitter hands down. Animations are smooth and honestly beautiful. Perfect environment to showcase some content away from the mainstream public.
Not as strong as its competition. There isn't much content to be seen, nor the app seems to be receiving any major updates that could bring more people over. It's refined look covers a serious lack of content. There really isn't much to do that hasn't been done by some other major company. The premise is good, but execution is somewhat lacking.
Easy and fast to understand/use. I like the way I can simply set up campaigns.
It sometimes takes too much time to evaluate segments but this depends more on how detailed it is
Has a lot of features and a clear UI. They are being transparent about what updates they will be rolling out, and are constantly trying to improve their platform.
They don't support webhooks or mutiple criteria triggers
I recommend dealing with it because it is good 
 Not only do they respond within the hour, but they have a solution to my problem within the day. Thanks to them our email marketing now makes 15% of our total revenue.There are no developers any longer required keeping your marketing teams independed and on a fast track. It is as powerful as any other enterprise platform, but 1000 times easier to use and you dont need any technical consultants to just make a small fix
 Campaign segmentation especially mid-campaign is lackluster and does not empower you to build complex or detailed campaigns.
Vero is not just an ordinary social network. It's social with real life touches. What's better is the fact that I don't have ads helps a lot.
I found the platform very easy to use and with lots of cool tools. Excellent social tools, no ads and very fluid.
Hardly anyone knows and it is too far to find people who are not verified. It doesn't have much publicity.
It's very nicely put together. Very clean look. It's attractive to say the least. I love the concept. This is going places. 
Not the easiest to figure out. Can't figure out how to connect with people. Lots of trouble signing up. 
If you trial Vero as a marketer, you can do almost nothing on your own. Several developers have said the API is pretty friendly but still has some limitations. First item of importance is to know Vero is not in any way a CRM nor does it claim to be. You will 100% need to connect a CRM via API. A good developer can do a lot with Vero but the interface itself is still fairly basic for your marketer. There is also limited tracking compared to some of the big marketing automation providers.
Great automation choice if you need to save money from the overpriced giants.
Limited tracking and marketing data collection. Very dependent on what your development team can do with Vero and its API.
Overall it was fun for one day before I realized it was a poor substitute for the power & rewards that come from already established softwares.
I appreciate that entrepreneurs will always strive to make a competing product for whatever is already out there. But in the case of Vero, it's just completely unneeded at this point.  
I didn't like how in the beginning it was just a mad rush to get the most attention (like a fresh start for some people) but ultimately it just seemed like a grassroots effort that never made sense.
Amazing product, but we struggled to "hand it off" to less technical users
My favorite part about Vero is how flexible it is for developers. You simply send up events, and Vero basically takes care of the rest!
We wanted to "hand off" managing Vero to some folks who were not developers, but that effort unfortunately did not succeed. We want to allow our clients to customize our templates too, but there isn't any sane way to let our customers do that without us having to do it for them.
I love Vero and will continue to use and recommend your service.
Customer support is essential. Both the CEO and our account manager has been EXTREMELY helpful.
I think some of the UI elements could be streamlined, such as the e-mail preview/editing page. You should be able to schedule and edit emails in the same page.
