Overall, I really hated the long stream of price hikes and the break downs in their software, no backup ability  and bugs. I used to love the desktop QB. I thought that was the greatest. Then the pricing started jumping up and eventually they forced everyone on Mac to move to QB Online. I found it a miserable experience, lots of annoying features you can't shut off, except for the invoicing and payment options for invoicing. I liked that and the P&L statement.
It had the features I had to have, the standard stuff. It had other features like having every deposit and check reconciled continually which I did not want, but ended up appreciating. Bank reconciliation was done in a snap.
The price is unbelievably high and they keep raising their price I think it more than doubled in price in the past year or so. It just isn't worth it. And the numerous times it didn't work was very frustrating. Also, they won't let you back it up. You are just supposed to trust that their end will not get corrupted, break or be hacked. And of course, never leave because you have no backup!
What I really love about this software is that it is very easy to assess 
The fact that we can't have multiple companies in one account is a feature I dislike 
I really like how simple the invoicing feature is. It is easy to create new products, and add them to individual invoices. I also love the email expense feature. It’s a simple, easy to use software that can benefit any small business owner. 
The thing that was most frustrating was not having an auto invoice feature. They have created this as an option now, but it was frustrating not having this as an option.
Feeling confident with my use of Quickbooks online and like it better than the desktop version so far!
It is very close to Quickbooks desktop version which is what I am used to. It is visually appealing and easy to navigate (after a short learning curve).
I have had to google certain things which are somewhat complicated to navigate just right. Specifically the chart of accounts and getting it to look the way I want it to. 
Faster access to books, client communications
It has many features and many reports, very easy to use.
Prices have been increasing steadily, nearly not as fast as the improvements.
Going to this Online version has made it much easier for our accountants and those outside of the main office to use the program. 
We have found some issues between reports not coming up with the same numbers. 
It's okay for a simple accounting solution it makes sense, but if you're a big company with intense financials this isn't for you. 
What I like most is the ease of use and the navigational button for beginners that are not sure where to go in the system. I like that I'm able to access my data on the cloud and have information at my finger tips. 
I don't like that QBO doesn't "sync" with desktop software as they are two different platforms. 
QuickBooks Online is everything we need to manage invoicing, reports, billing, and payments with our customers. 
We have to re-authorize too frequently. I understand that security is important, but we have to re-enter our login credentials far too much. 
Overall I think that QuickBooks online is a great service to keep track of all my accounting needs  from reporting to accounts payables . 
I liked how the QuickBooks online software was easy to understand and use , and how reliable and secure it is . 
The customer service is a little slow . 
It facilitates the user to search and download books on different topics and related to every field that a person required. It show good response and amazing work.
Better shared access to data with employees and your accountant.
No software or local data to manage – no upgrades or release updates.
Robust assistance center with online chat.
Easier app sync with nightly automatic downloads.
No backups and your data is secure on Intuit servers.
Open to manipulation.
Limited File Size and Users.
Lackluster Invoicing.
Limited Integration Opportunities.
Customer Support Focus on to Peer to Peer.
Overall it is very simple to use and I like the transparency to do our transactions and great a report, I really like how easy and accurate it is to track donations and the donors.
I love the ease of creating invoices. It's very easy to get paid and I love that I get notified instantly upon getting a paid invoice.
I dislike being unable to undo batches of reconciliations to fix errors
Thorough record-keeping and comprehensive reporting.
Hundreds of third-party app integrations.
Inventory management included with QuickBooks Online Plus and Advanced.
Easy to share information with your accountant; easy to find QuickBooks experts and online resources if needed.
Ease of access
Maintaining live data across different systems/locations
Good. Have complete confidence, there will be further improvements.
I can monitor my team's timesheet and productivity.
 The mobile app is a little less convenient as it is not very intuitive.
This was the first time I've used bookkeeping software and was a bit weary at first but it was pretty easy to get used to with minimal training.  
This software had a very user-friendly interface.   I use the financial reports regularly and love how easy it is to do bank reconciliations.  Setting up the software was also very easy.
There are very few cons to the software.  The only issue I've really had was setting up my banking but beyond that, it's been great.
I like how you can easily generate a number of reports to track different transactions within Quickbooks.  They are always making changes that help make it more user friendly.  I feel that may be one of their biggest goals.  It is also compatible with other software, which has been a game changer here.
The biggest issue we have with this software at this time is the processing of credit card payments from customers.  It used to automatically include a 3% fee if credit cards were used.  Since that has been removed, we have ceased using this payment option since we couldn't come to the best solution on recouping the charge.
It was quick, easy to use, and everything you would expect from a website of such repute.
The software was a myriad of easy modern enjoyment. It had all the mainline features, expected protocols, and a surpassingly easy navigation/. I have used many sites, but by far through accessibility , this one is very much superior.
it was fine for the most part, but it seemed to drain my battery somewhat unexpectedly. That doesn't really matter though.
QuickBooks Online is being used to do all of our bookkeeping, accounting, payroll and budgeting for all of our different accounts. Although I am the primary user, our grant writer, accountant, treasurer and auditor all have access to the program.
It enables me to do a P&L for each specific program as requested by the county for the grant money that they give us.
It enables me to do [an] organizational budget as well as a budget for each specific program
Correcting posting errors could be made easier
Matching unapplied payments could be easier
Simply wonderful - love the brand, capabilities and if needed the support is rock solid.
I had been a client-based user and my CPA and I would exchange files which were awful but QB Online has made this and my interaction with my CPA simply fantastic! The features and capabilities are broad and the reporting is deep. Project-based billing/expense management is still a pain but this is more of a process issue on our end.
There aren't any cons per se. They have tiers of pricing that support any sized company.
It was an okay price, but in the end for doing it by myself I found it time consuming.
It was very confusing being a new person in business to implement this software without difficulties.
Overall, I'm pleased with QB's online because it saves us a ton of time on data entry, as I already indicated. Simply said, I don't let my very upset clients vent in the software; instead, I keep them on the desktop.
I love how much quicker data entering is in QB's online version compared to QB's desktop. The tiresome aspects of accounting are automated using rules and auto entry. I'm able to concentrate my time on more challenging tasks that benefit my clients and my services.
The software still requires a lot of development effort. It seems crazy to me that POs cannot be customized. Coming from the desktop version of their sibling program, it takes some getting used to. The desktop is so sturdy and has so few problems that occasionally I find myself hitting my head against a wall, wondering why! Additionally, because of the subscription-based price, you are always required to pay for the software. With desktops, I made a one-time purchase at no cost to my customers. Congratulations on your financial success, Intuit. Put that money to use funding software development.
