Beautifully simple and easy to use. Float is a product I like using. I also like the budget tracking element.The reports are my favourite feature so far along with updates as my work.
Float is very helpful to keep track of everyone's task.Good Usability, E-Mail Notifications, Project Integration.There is an option to add your team members so they can see what needs to be done too.There are so many features within this program that they really have thought of everything.


I honestly have found nothing I dislike about this software. 
It's still quick and easy even with its very few flaws. my coworkers and I are all scattered around the country so its nice to be able to quickly look at an upcoming job then find out who is on it with me without having to call them all and find out who I'm working with!
I've only been using it for about 6 months but I love how clean and to the point it is. I find my name and find out what my duties are for that day. I travel a lot so its really nice to be able to look at a week and see where in the country I may be. It allows me to start planning my travel and some sightseeing with plenty of time to spare so that once the time comes, I just get on a plane and go to work!
There's no Android app. That's a big turn off but I manage. I'd really appreciate this functionality in the future.

I'm not sure if its just me but when I log in on my computer, each area takes up the whole screen. its quite strange. I have to scroll to the next person even though they should be smaller boxes. on my phone they are almost too squished to read and I haven't found a way manually size the boxes.
Easy tracking and managing of my project forecast. Also, one feature that can be added in this tool is to calculate the billable percentage of the consultants based on the forecast entered. This will give the consultants a view about their utilization and to plan accordingly
It's a quick handy platform to manage the forecast for the staffing professionals and for the consultants to keep a track of their current and upcoming assignments. It has a clean and simple layout which shows the most important information needed
It should add features for the consultants to add comments in case there is an issue in the forecast. At the moment, the challenge is that for any change, the consultants have to reach out to the staffing professional over emails while by adding this feature, they can exactly add comments to where the changes are required
It keeps your resource schedule up to date with calendar integrations. Float is simple tool for scheduling work and reflecting Demand Capacity.
Float assists me not just keep with following how I ought to treat when I ought to make it happen, I like that you can see everybody's timetables at any one time.
The reporting is a bit limited. There's no built-in report to view which people have available hours, which haven't updated Float, or which people are consistently booking short hours or overtime.
I really don't know anything about it                                                                                      
I really don't know anything about it                                                                                      
It's a good software for scheduling people's time on projects, seeing at a glance who is available and when,  and who is working on each project. We can easily categorise people into teams, roles etc and then do quick searches. It's also really easy for every employee to log their time spent on projects so that we know what to invoice to clients.
It's not great for managing the budget of a project: the reports are really limited so you have to do a csv export if you want to do in depth analysis.
Pretty okay, not super in depth for my use, but best for project management people
Great for keeping tracking what people are supposed to be doing
I wish I don't have to scroll all the way down to my name, It should have a drop box
Usability, ease of access and the bird's eye feature is a must, it allows for full visibility of the whole team, or segments of it, and allows managers to keep track of current, past, and upcoming projects.
I have not faced any problems with Float
Good for knowing what I or others are supposed to be doing
Wish I didn't have to scroll to my name, just use drop down
The two things I appreciate most about Float are the dual view mode and the Skill tags function. You can view the team’s overall project workload and timeframes and you can see everyone’s availability at a glance, while individually you can view your own workload and make contextual decisions. The Skill tags function is neat in choosing which team member is the best fit for the task.  I find Float to be a flexible scheduling tool that allows you to slice, dice and manage tasks, assignments and timeframes. The hovering function is very neat — not having too open work tasks for notes for example.
Just make sure that if the admin person is not available, you try to anticipate and delegate so that changes can be made to the scheduled tasks.
My company has asked us to use Float for scheduling. Without any training I was able to figure out and navigate the whole website.  I can now see what the rest of time is doing on any given week in a snapshot view. 
The software was easy use and required little to no training.
No cons for me. So far the software has addressed the solution we needed.
Good UX/UI, rich in features, well deisnged API.
Abysmal performance, absolute pain to use daily for this reason only.
Overall the experience has been very good. I did some research and trials before choosing to pay for Float over some of the free options.  I have received good service when requested and a couple of minor issues were dealt with quickly. 
Visual representation of projects and resources and also the Reports functionality 
I would like to be able to shift an entire project timeline as a batch, rather than have to move every task for every person involved.
Very good experience with this software as it helps me to easily plan my projects and schedule my team's time.
- Free trial.
- Very simple to use with quick interface.
- organize and manage projects.
- Track projects with good reports.
- Perfect fit for what i use it for.
- Convert reports to PDF.

- Scrolling has a bit problem.
- Sometimes it deletes without warning.
- Bit difficult to ass half day task.
Team management has always been quite messy on our teams, and no overall was available with Notes calendar, so Float has been worshiped when we got it
Overall planning for teams, easy day-by-day task management, task categories, project / customer management, api to retrieve planning on other software (such as notes calendar)
Still quite difficult to manage 1/2 day task, no way to plan meeting easily
Very helpful to manage task allocation and scheduling the deadline to finish the task.
By now, i still don't have any cons about Float.
Love being able to see what everyone is working on including myself!
I don''t love the mobile app, it's not easy to see what I'm doing the text is small.
Float is great smooth to apply and is a super fit for what I use it for, that's normally planning resources and allocating responsibilities for excessive collaboration virtual initiatives
Only downside is that I'm unable to brand it up a bit with our enterprise brand's/hues.
Easy to use and comes with handy app. Can keep logged in without having to log in everytime. 
Would prefer to be able to scroll and see the names at the same time. A teeny tiny thing. Apart from that its faultless 
MY overall experience with Float hasn't been great, but not awful either.
I like the idea that we can project our timelines for each employee and, theoretically, map out our future work.
The app is not super easy to use without having prior experience, and seems particularly time-consuming.
