I had been through GoodDay and it was a good experince it is very flexible and user freindly
I did't find much of issues but if i got any they have good support yeam which will fix that  very early.
Structured project management. Reported time for the tasks allotted. Action required feature is of great help. Great value for money with many advanced features.
Task allocation
Team management
Great views with the productivity of a team/project.
The Kanban type task Management helps in Planning for the activities for oneself and the Team.
Time is tracked by guesstimate. The estimated time becomes null once the actual time is reported to a task.This is a very ineffective way of tracking time. 

Please add a different field for the estimated time without nullifying the value.
When me and my team began to look for project management system more than a year ago, we had a few key requirements:
* Simple
* Non-binding
* Let us manage the project freely while the company have no earnings

GoodDay was exactly that.

We've passed 3 other companies - one had a 1 month trial, the other one was lacking simplicity and suddenly said the trial was over after a few days (and we couldn't retrieve the tasks) and the last one was just too binded (no export option, at least not in the first tier). We even considered hosting an open-source project management app by ourselves.

At that point we were very glad to find GoodDay, we just needed something to get the job done and a platform that let you choose your path - and of course, without any "surprises" or time limits.

GoodDay found a sweet spot between feature-rich platform and simplicity - in a very smooth and clean UI. Their modular project settings let you choose the methodologies and features you want to use.
There are a lot of companies/platforms out there that would give you so many features that eventually make you spend more time handling the platform than building your product.

At the end - if you want to manage your project without wasting time managing the management platform - GoodDay is a great choice with 0 learning curve for the basics.
* Clean & Simple UI
* Very modular ecosystem
* Great pricing
* CSV export - you are not artificially attached to the service (some companies do it)
* You can really grow with the product with the free and pro plans - instead of "1 month trial" or "data lock" thingies from others
Most of the things I can think of drills down to personal preferences.
Personally I would like to see more API features in the future and make some not-that-common tasks easier.
Maybe they can add "Excel-like mode" to make it easier to change a lot of tasks and subtasks on the fly.
We are a small team and we use GoodDay to track bugs in our software as well as maintain a list of new features we wish to implement
There was a bit of a learning curve to set up initially
Now me as the director have full status of all the task that are running in my company and my team exactly knows what they have to do each day. Manager is fully aware of the status and get the work done even when he is out of office.
The best thing is that its kept very simple still have all features, thats not found in any other software till date. Also the look & feel is so professional and clean, that my team really feels like loging in and update things. Automatic time tracking is one of the best feature i have found.
Really not come across anything as such, But ya if i can think of some improvement areas then it could be that these guys must have some training videos on youtube. 
Teamworking, project management, planning, reporting and analysis in one place.
Best functionality for free plan up to 25 users. 
Good customisation. 
Powerfull reporting/analysis capabilities.
Complicated interface and navigation. No UI localisation (not multilang, only english).
As the project manager, I felt I was flooded with too much information. Good Day provided a "storage container" for all this information and gets everyone on the team to be in better sync.
I liked that Good Day has a very functional feel to it - it is definitely not overly designed.
You can view tasks in several different ways - default list, board, gantt, etc. Very handy.
It's good both for (1) getting up and running quickly and (2) allows you to invest more time in order to tweak it for your own purposes.
All is quite intuitive.
Another big bonus is that you get most of most-needed functionality for free without a time limit and for up to 15 users.
Also the paid version is very reasonably priced.
It has some bugs here and there. Nothing that made me turn away.
The documentation is not completely up to date.
Very good for our internal teams to track projects.
Very easy to setup and use PMS. had reviewed tons of them. Best part was the free trial was limited by a larger number of free users (25). This allowed everyone to try out the software. UI was a bit of a problem initially but then got used to it. Can be improved in this area. Best part is it is easy to correct mistakes and Excel import is easy and supported out of the box
Reports are too limited and can definitely be improved. Currently there are some reports which are not self-explanatory and the derivation is not given.
The system serves me, at the moment, in the distribution of activities and resources. Meets the Flow of care processes. Registration and Service History. And others.
The product can be adapted to your needs.
So, if the process is well implemented, the results will be very positive, in terms of controls and processes in one place.
Simulate the process to get the expected result.
If you simply register, you may not have the expected results, like any other system. 
So far, it serves our process well, and quickly.
As a complete beginner I was able to use the gantt chart to manage our projects and share this information with the client. Other heavily marketed options were either too complicated or simply didn`t do the job.
Ease of use. I am able to just pay for the team members involved in the project at that time.
Not the softwares fault, but i would like to learn to use more of the features. Also a timesheet feature would be very handy.
Running many projects for different clients, personalizing each project at a uniform high standard.
A very friendly solution, systematically developed, good value for money.
Better integration with e-mail - task, meeting etc.
The product offers a wide range of features that are critical for a good management tool (in my vision). The fact that I can have Projects/Tasks management, Gantt view (for project-only or groups of projects), Workload view (for project-only or groups of projects) and Time Tracking on the same platform is amazing. I'm not aware of other tools that provide all of this with so ease of use as GoodDay. The pricing is also very accessible compared with other big tools on the market which also helps smaller companies to have complete solutions for their businesses.
With a wide range of features comes also some learning curve to adapt to all the new options. Having a background of usage for other management tools helps to speed up this learning curve, but it exists, as normal.
We love it - period.
The UI is great. No more issues like with our previous software. Thinks work, no lags, you can get stuff done in so much less time. Let's very self-explanatory.
You can't auto-expand subtasks at all, especially not by default.
- My work and action required is a big thing, it's easy to plan and manage your teams task

- Love customization options

- Great UX













- Wish they had more how to videos


- Freshbooks integration is missing

I keep update all my colleagues with the projects. The feedback also is an issue that I solved using GoodDay!
You can communicate easily with your colleagues. You share the information about the projects easily and you keep updated all your colleagues. 
I would like to be more user friendly in mobile version. 
I can work OFF the office without worries now. 
Tracking your employees/users for what they are accessing on internet during office/work time is a best feature & specially when you get it categorized in report form. You can easily get an overview of all users activity in single report.
Need a bit improvement on time tracking reports (needs clear indications for productive, unproductive & total work time)
After evaluating more than 12 project management tools we finally settled for GoodDay as it was the best from easy to use, easy to customize views based on individual's need. Also, for small company pricing is also important and we found that GoodDay pricing is very competitive. 
Best thing is it provides different type of views for the same project information and it helps a lot in viewing project from different perspective. Goodday is designed by keeping very small but essential features in mind and that makes it very easy to use product.  Very fast loading of tasks data, various type of reports are awesome. Task planning by manager on behalf of your team mates is superb feature. Many more excellent things are there compare to other project management tool. 
Initially we tried free version and there are many paid features but unfortunately in order to try those paid features they don't have any trial period. It compulsory requires purchase of subscription to even see how are those features. 
planning and upgrade project
It's quite easy to use, gant it's no so representative
the reporting part could allow some  more detailed reports
very helpful easy and fast.user friendly, daily work made easy
i think there are no much dislikes fo good day
Great UI. No more issues like with our former software. Things work, no lags, you can get stuff done in so much lower time, good value for plutocrat. It allows you to produce & manage systems tasks at similar ease that you 've forgotten to maintain your Diary presently. It's relatively easy to use, gnat it's no so representative. It's super easy to kickstart a task, manipulate, move. Harmonious and responsive UI.Free version  is  helpful for startups. also you can upgrade. For small businesses its great tool to keep handy. The CRM module, great tailored views of its usage. This product is largely useful for itineraries to register the task and task breakdown structures and have a much better review of task at colorful stages. Not a lot of cluttering points. Minimum interface, announcement center, brochure structure and deadlines on timetable.
You can not bus-expand subtasks at each, especially not by dereliction. More integration with-mail- task, meeting etc. the reporting part could allow some further detailed reports which are in demand. The phone operation needs a lot of work to be analogous to the computer operation. A form is missing to use in the cybersurfer to be suitable to save papers or website addresses. Iam looking forward to offline functionality, which is in the coming updates. Not the softwares fault, but i would like to learn to use further of the features (multimedia guides). Also a timesheet point would be veritably handy. delicate to get printout of particulars the way needed by us. The exporting can more advance like exporting tasks with analogous task status isn't available. It could have been better.
