I have been quite impressed with the software. The ability to just drop a few lines of JS in and get a full chat window that has been integrated with our bot exceeded my expectations. I couldn't believe how fast I was able to set this up.
The ease of integration with Dialog Flow was great. Customer Support was excellent as well.

It wasn't clear that a bot would count as a user of the software. This increased our cost. It wasn't much but it was a surprise.
anyhow, more improvement is needed.
Customer feedback's services is very efficiency.
Billing system doesn't provide cancel option for user.  
Love that you can switch your bot to real world people and view all conversations that have transpired. Easy to connect the bot to a website. Love the customisable options. Favourite thing by far is that kommunicate team has it own chat integrated in the dashboard and if you get stuck or need help you are usally helped within minutes.
Could be easier to connect to dialoge flow. Does not use the dialogue flows action on google commands have to write fullfillment actions spefically for it.
Easy to use. I use Kommunicate to integrate my chatbot that I built in AWS LEX into my website. It works well, no complaints.
Can’t think of anything. I don’t have any complaints at this time.
It's possible to customize all you can imagine
Software works perfect
Support center always resolves your doubts, effectively and quickly (actually the best I've ever tried)

Missing whatsapp integration
Missing a resseler layer (many customers inside one customer)
The product is not difficult to use. It makes life in chat bot making very lovely, highlight and stunning. You will truly appreciate like me.
Reporting is exceptionally poor, a high level analytics is impossible. It should be improved.
Human handover functionality. 
Easy to use.
Quick customer service.
Found few minor bugs but developers keep trying to improve their product with new updates.
Strongly recommend worth.
1. Extremely easy to integrate, I developed a chatbot with Dialogflow, it's the most easy way for me to integrate dialogflow chat widget to our website.

2. You can easily takeover chatbot from human supporters from kommunicate.

3. Everytime I encounter an issue, it can be solved immediately.

4. Worth, imaging you have a team of 10 supporters , and chatbot take over 10% of their time answering FAQ questions, it means that you hired 1 supporter with only 20 dollers per month :)
Occasionally (about 5 minutes in the last week) can not get response, still need to figure out it's an issue from dialogflow or kommunicate.
This product has changes the UX of my website and now the people are loving it!
The UI is very clean. No cons at all! It is best.
It was so easy to integrate with our Alexa Chatbot and the documentation is amazing. The customer service is always ready and the platform is so sleek and beautifully designed. The website is also extremely user friendly!
It wasn’t intuitive to let the Alexa bot have a start message from within Kommujicate we had to do it through the bot.
1. Create custom reports for you, you just have to ask.
2. Great Support answer very quickly
Nothing.
I love these guys.
I have no idea what to write here.
It is a great service to keep your users engaged and make them loyal customers of your site.
I love using Kommunicate and I have no complaints regarding it.
It is very easy to integrate with Dialogflow and has many option for rich messages. The overal design is also great with many options for customization. 
Making it more easy (or describing it better in the Docs) how to add your own code & CSS. Making it possible for example to create your own template for rich messages. 
This product helps me streamline all the tools and external services I use in one seamless integrated piece of software. 
Wish there were more integration options, though there are already quite a few. 
Ease of setup and anyone from non-tech background can set up the chatbot.
Many of the current chatbot providers are providing something similar. There is always scope of improvement in the UI of the platform.
The software was easy to set up and very easy to use. The support people were quick to get ahold of him very helpful. The only part that was a little deceiving was the cost. The plan that I chose was $10 per user however it was not clear that a bot integration counted as a user. It would have been nice to have that stated a little clearer. Overall it has been an excellent experience and one I would recommend to anybody.
I had one main goal and that was to integrate dialogflow into an existing website. Communicate did this perfectly and almost exactly as I expected.
There was no way to delete a conversation in the admin.
Very pleasant. There are several nice people working at Kommunicate and its fun to work with them.
Whenever i had a problem or something i needed to implement i always got help from several support workers instantly.

Only with Kommunicate i was able to implement functions, Dialogflow and Laravel Chatbot implementations didnt support.
Sadly the Software has insufficient Documentation about Widget customization for me personally. However, it does have the Functions and you get them to work with help of the support . 
Very small learning curve to use
Great compatibility
Great money to value
Some interactions need surveillance to ensure they work properly
Nice it helps us get Leads directly into CRM system.
Easy to use and UI is very friendly. Configuration is easy.
Pricing is high for India user base. Should handle WhatsApp
The overall experience is very positive, I would recommend it without hesitation.

The tools are excellent, the best I've seen, very easy to use.
What I liked the most is that the platform is constantly evolving, and most importantly, the support and proactivity service in resolving doubts or queries is very good.

Reporting is very poor, an advanced analytics cannot be done, it must be improved.
