It's helped increase conversations and made the brands we work with come across as more professional and engaged.
We love working with Yotpo because it's powerful and easy to configure.
It could always be less expensive, but we don't really have any complaints.
Hear good news not just complaints from customers. 
Ease of use.
Customizable enough.                                                                    
Only 1 login. 
No Reporting, response given. Export all data and use Excel.                          
Integration capabilities, customer service 
Yet to see ROI, attributing reviews to conversion
Collecting reviews is important to e-commerce stores, to not only show new users you are trusted but to also read what your current users think (so you can learn from them)
System is robust enough to get the job of review requests done, including product and merchant review ratio  setting. 
No system to check what emails are in the queue (about to go out) and the pricing system is not transparent (they jacked up the prices and then hide them behind a demo sign up form) okay value but not the best value in review systems right now.
Yotpo is super easy to use, has great features, and boosts conversions,  however, it can be expensive, especially if you want all their features. 
We recently evaluated Yotpo for use on our Shopify site, but decided to go with a close competitor (Okendo) instead. We did this mainly because of cost and flexibility. Yotpo has a very opaque pricing strategy which is designed to extract the maximum possible commitment from each merchant. They don't publicly disclose pricing and actively work to obfuscate their rates. 

Pricing is tiered based on review volume and feature set which means even small merchants will have to spend close to five figures yearly in order to unlock the full potential of the software. There was a time when Yotpos platform may have been able to justify this, but it is borderline extortionate in 2018/2019 .
Industry best feature set, close to industry best review-generation experience, advanced social media tools etc
Hugely expensive plans with mandatory contracts, deceptive and pressure-driven pricing and sales strategy, close competitors offering much better value per $
Our customer service experience has grown so much since installing Yotpo. Our customers now have a seamless and more pleasant shopping experience, even when things go wrong. We have also experienced great customer service care from the Yotpo team.
It is a pretty easy to navigate software, very helpful for product development research, and a source of communication for customers and our customer service team. Our team is able to learn how to improve and provide products that fit our consumers based on comments/ reviews. It has also become a streamline to communicate with customers who are dissatisfied or missing items and have not reached out.
Although it is an easy software to navigate, after calls with our rep there are so many undiscovered features. We definitely appreciate our check in calls to be able to learn more and more about Yotpo and all the things they offer!
As far as a marketing platform goes - Yotpo is a complete user-generated content marketing system. You can trust a company that "powers the world's fastest growing brands"
Like most complex systems you will have to take some time to learn all of the ins-and-outs before getting the hang of the system.
Everything works great
Best product ever! Easy to easy and great funcinality
The pricetag i very high for premium funcinality
works automatically with all our ecommerse sales
It's a nice looking interface on the front and back end. It really looks quite professional, even for a few products.
I wish the free version gave you more options, but I know they have to make a living. I think they give you plenty for no cost.
Constant customer feedback, which helps us build better products and revise one's that need it and rid others. Yotpo is great! 
Easy to use, great follow up email and also their support staff is one of a kind! I first heard of them when they reached out to our store on Shopify. Their support staff is incredibly friendly, not pushy, and their free plan is great to test out the waters and really see it in action.  It's easy to setup, navigate and also has shown immediate results with reviews and follow ups.
I honestly can't think of anything, maybe the pricing structure, but even that isn't terrible.  The introduction to it was great, even though at first I was a bit apprehensive, but I love the product now.
Great features and integration with my eCommerce platform (Shopify) was seamless.
I've experienced several glitches in the UI that I'm sure they've fixed. Steep increase from free plan to a paid plan.
Yotpo was so simple to install and use, and we have really seen the benefit that comes with the user generated reviews and feedback on our items. No matter how much as a business you can describe and sell your product, an honest review from a customer means 10x that! 
I like that it's a one stop shop to see customer reviews it allows the customer to have their say by posting a review with both star rating then writing a description of what they liked an ddid not like about the product.  
The back end is sometimes hard to figure out you cant seem to find certain reviews once you've seen them live on your website. It's highly sensitive and tends to block out key words sometimes unnecessarily.
It has very helpfull for my site. Thank you
Their support is very helpful with quick responses and easy solutions provided.
Should have a bit more customization when it comes to email templates I would say.
None
None. Absolutely hate this service. We see no results or improvements. We recommend no one use Yotpo or any Yotpo services. They are not worth a dime.
Marketing agents are relentless. They will not stop emailing or calling you regardless of stating that you do not want their services. Absolutely ridiculous, how saying "I'm not interested" is taken as "Oh, why not?" rather than "Okay, thanks!" and moving on. I absolutely despite any company that employs agents with that kind of brazen tenacity, as it is annoying and a waste of my company's resources to sit here and deal with this, instead of actually assisting our clients trying to contact us. Do not contact us ever again.
Yotpo helps us generate reviews and answer questions quickly.
I like the automated emails that show when a new review/question has been submitted. I like being able to filter/search for specific types of reviews/questions quickly. We use onsite review widget and targeted review requests. Set up is easy and support is very helpful.
Our product is unique in that it takes about 4-6 months before seeing results. It would be nice to send automated review requests at that time, but the max is 90 days after purchase. It is inconvenient but we manually send Targeted review requests instead. 
I'm giving it another chance upon my refund processing honestly when I saw the discrepancy I didn't even go back to my $49 plan.. I did $19 to not lose any data lmao.. Anne saved this company a lifetime customer, inly thing is, can my $1500 refund be processed faster? I provided proof, I know shopify responds quickly.. just not right.
I usually pay $50/mo~ which is way too much vs Loox, however, I have a certain Loyalty to Yotpo and some integrations that Loox has now too. The actually only thing that has kept me on board is the fact that I found a $1,500 billing discrepancy and Anne was kind enough to appease my concerns and make sure I was refunded as soon as they were able to. That's the reason i'm really staying a client lol.. I think the pricing just istoo much
Pricing. I mean, it's just monopolization, I was grandfathered into SMSbump, but the app was really screwed up for referrals I had to go to Conversion Bear and Tobi because they were not down, of my clients, 70-80% would be able to do SMSBump or agree to my recommendation... post SMSBump update and partial acquisition..I remember doing a survey and every option had problems...
High Price - Missing a feature I still had
Low Price - Missing features and just not worth it.
