I love that this is web based and doesn't require any additional software. 
The cost for a single person is a bit high. 
Overall we were looking for an application that would make it really easy for participants to join in without having to download something or go through a very cumbersome process just to view everything. This software is definitely easy in that regard.
It is super simple to use. More importantly, it is easy for participants to join a scheduled meeting.
A minor thing, but the whole concept of joining the Green room and getting someone to join a green room with you to test everything out was a little difficult to figure out.  
I like it very much
Share screen feature. Quality is great. 
That I can’t share more people at once in the screen
-built in chat
-smooth streaming
-screensharing
-"ask a question" feature
-there is no way to make videos private - only unlisted and public
Good platform, recommended!
Crowdcast is very cost effective and easy to use. Other webinar platforms seem to be as much as double the cost. Crowdcast is simple to set up and gets the job done. 
If you're looking for a lot of complex webinar features, crowdcast may be less than what you need. 
With crowdcast I was able to share items with a variety of members, students, from across the state. 
I don't have an issue with the product just the argument that there are so many free alternatives that offer similar options 
Crowdcast is a refreshing change to webinar software as it’s easier to setup and use than most products of a similar type to setup but it’s also great for scheduled live streaming. I particularly like the Q and A feature plus its handy to be able to link to past broadcasts.
It’s a bit pricey for free lancers like me, but if you use it a lot, it’s with the money. 
Works well for what it’s designed to do.
Very easy to use platform for live webinars.  
It’s was not as easy to switch from screen to slide.  
Crowdcast is the best software I have used to make videoconferences and webinars. It has one of the best HD video resolutions I’ve used, quality is excellent. Easy to use and never crashes. Records everything automatically. Simple for others to log in and join. You can interact with video audio chat, q&a and polls. Simply the best!
- Actual conferencing are brilliant
- Clean and intuitive interface, easy to use
- Audio, video, sharing features are very easy to use and effective
- Features like muting, chat, q&a, polls, etc... work exactly how you'd expect them to
- You can't be the host on native iOS app
- There is no native app for android phone
The customer service was great!
I loved how easy this product was to use for myself and participants. I was finding many webinar products overly complicated. This product was amazing!
I would like to be able to add an admin to the webinar. 
First time user and it will be the last time
National day of remembrance is a very special day for parents that have lost a child to murder, not being able to view the event due to technical difficulties is a 100% deal-breaker
There is nothing more to say this service did nothing absolutely nothing for the end user
Extrêmement positif. L'équipe est réactive et serviable, et même agréable à travailler avec crowdcast
J'ai utilisé un certain nombre de produits de webinaires concurrents. 
Crowdcast est le plus facile à utiliser de tous. 
La possibilité de simuler facilement sur Facebook et Youtube est un avantage  cela fonctionne simplement dans votre navigateur, incroyable .
J’ai  eu plusieurs problèmes avec la qualité avec les vidéos que j’ai partagés lors de mon anniversaire mais ainsi  Car j’ai encore du travaille à y apprendre d’avantage 
I LOVE how easy it is to set up a session, the chat and poll and questions features are clever and seamless, and the quality of the streaming platform itself is fantastic. On top of this, their support team is incredibly generous and helpful in getting you up and running! The deep integration with Drip is great, as is the ability to send out your streams to other places. Overall it's great software and my #1 choice for live video broadcasts at the time of this review!
I don't love that people need an account to join your stream, it's the one drawback that's fairly annoying. In the long run I can see how it makes it easier for attendees if you're live streaming regularly, but it does sometimes feel like I'm building Crowdcast's brand, which for paid software is a bit strange. I'd also like to see functionality that can let you play video and audio inside Crowdcast. I know right now they've made it so it integrates with other tools that do this, but it feels like a stop-gap measure, when really they should be just incorporating more features like this that can give Crowdcast users an edge when it comes to delivering professional live streams. I really think this platform has the chance to be the Eventbrite of live video if it continues to push the boundaries of its feature set.
Crowdcast is a great tool for those who run webinars and want to engage with customers in a small group format and need an easy solution with no download hassle.
The best thing I love about Crowdcast is how intuitive it is. There's no setup. The instructions and help section are easy to follow and everyone I've used it with loves how straight forward it is. 
There aren't any really cons. I find that the software is worthwhile.
My students have been enthusiastic about my use of Crowdcast for my courses. They enjoyed being able to be present and engage with me in my presentations and office hours; if they could not attend during my live presentation, they could at least get the content since it is automatically recorded for me to upload. That has been the feature I like most, that the students can use it easily and get the content they need.
The only issue I have had with it, and it may be due to using a limited version of Crowdcast, is that I would like  for my students to be able to speak live and ask questions (ie. raise their hand and I give them the ability to speak to the entire audience). This is a very minor issue and not worth being considered a negative, by any means.
It has greatly improved my webinars and I have more attended and the guests seem to really like it too.
People really enjoy webinars hosted by Crowdcast. I've been able to grow my reach almost instantly, just by using Crowdcast as a webinar platform.
It doesn't yet have the ability to inject pre-recorded video, but the capability is supposed to be coming soon.
Excellent because of the customer service provided by CSR.
Ease of use. Very easy to set up. It goes step-by-step. 
Not set up for pre-recorded. I want to do Virtual Summits that are not live.
Overall, I love the service and can recommend it. It's easy to create and design your live sessions the way you want. It's powerful tool to make webinars, screencast tutorials, interviews and live sesssions with your audience. To avoid some technical troubles my recommendation is to use Google Chrome
It's online
You can build followers and send them emails
Good analytics
You can use 3rd party tools for broadcasting
CTA is a great feature to bring some traffic 
Intuitive interface

Sometimes the image quality is not very good, and you don't know why it's like that (internet connection, server or smth elese) 
You can't control positions of two different screens in a replay. (For example, if you want to have your face in the left corner of your screencasting)
Crowdcast allows me to have casual office hours, formal webinars, and recorded presentations. Super easy, I love it!
It's super easy to use, no need to download any software. Very intuitive; I've recommended for many clients who are not very tech savvy and they always love it! The community and support are awesome, and they're always working to improve the platform. I love that you can do multi-series events within the same link. Love that they also integrate with Zapier, Drip, and other tech that I use!
Max 4 people on screen at a time.  Cost is steep for the amount that I use it.
This program helps me to share the important of financial literacy.
I like how you can use power point in your presentation and how you can invite guests on the screen.
I would to be able to resize the windows I am sharing.
