Disappointed
I called because my son had been seen by his pediatrician for sob and she said if symptoms worsen come back in or call telemedicine. The office was not open at 6 am so I decided to try telemedicine. The doctor was completely arrogant, not empathetic did not listen. He made his decisions without seeing my son just talking on the phone. Go to urgent care he said. My son was not needing urgent care, just an antibiotic. He explained it’s against the policies to prescribe antibiotics without being seen. What is the point of telemedicine??? They should advise no antibiotics will be prescribed so that I don’t waist money and time. Awful service!!
Registered for appointment at 9:30 AM. After two hours of waiting they stated they tried calling me twice. I did not receive a single phone call from them. Wrote it off as a glitch and so I re-entered the que for 2 more hours. Same thing happened and they canceled my appointment. I call and get on the phone with a rep and all he does is reschedule my appointment. After about 2 hours of waiting, I noticed I stopped receiving notifications an hour prior and call them back to confirm I still have an appointment. The first person I speak with tells me it was canceled and I ask if I may speak with her manager. The manager tells the rep to transfer me to the help desk. I laugh at her and ask what will help desk fix? Help desk fixed nothing, but did tell me that I did have an appointment and was still in que. At that point I had waited over 8 and a half hours for a phone call from them. One hour later(7:00 PM) I receive a phone call at long last! BUT the doctor refuses to help me and tells me to go to an urgent care. Thanks Teladoc for wasting my time and showing me how worthless a company can be. Had plans today but waited around for an appointment that never happened. Have been avoiding urgent cares because everyone is there getting covid tests. Waste of time. Inconsiderate, pathetic cowards.
Absolutely terrible ! And I’ve reached out MULTIPLE TIMES FOR A REFUND AND HAVE NEVER BEEN CONTACTED DO NOT WORK WITH THIS COMPANY THEY DO NOT CARE ABOUT YOU
