I loved the correctness of its reporting and how easy it is to communicate with the HR through resume submissions. I love the feature of having to accept applicants via the software.
not user-friendly when you want to create reports. Overall it's a good platform, the reporting platform can be overwhelming at times.
Tales served the purpose for what it was supposed to do.  However, the system was often very slow and frustrating to navigate.  Ease of use and features are definitely not selling points as much as the value for the money which is why most corporate employers choose to go with this option.  It gets the job done.  
Functional for what it's supposed to do.
Not easy to navigate. 
It is really easily navigable and the user interface is seamless
It takes long to load information at times
Look and feel is good but the features make the look and feel become worthless.  
Its very hard to manage the candidates and keep track of who applied. Its even more hard to quickly give feedback for a candidate
It is more useful to track the application and the status anywhere, anytime.
If the candidate has changed his e-mail ID & mobile number, it allows again. They should improve the artificial intelligence to screen the entire resume and restrict more.
Even though the initial set up is long, subsequent applications are easy and breezy since all your information is already in there.  When I was looking for a job, there were a ton of companies that used this for their application process- a lot of quality companies and positions too!
I loved, loved, loved that it stored my resume and job application information and was easy to submit to multiple positions within individual companies.
The first time you apply to a job listing, it takes SOOOO LONG to enter all the information.   Also, each business requires you to re-enter or upload your information, but once it IS in there, you can easily apply to multiple job listings!
Pros: Easy to use, great at capturing applicant data, a nice took for an ATS system, great reporting tools. Taleo Enterprise is great (used it in the past)

Cons: could be more user friendly ( using Taleo Business Edition). 

Overall my experience has been great, it takes some adjustment from using Enterprise to TBE. 
In order to use Taleo Successfully you really need to do your homework and Have an implementation Specialist dedicated to building you process in taleo. 
 
After that the product is pretty good. Thy have put more in place tpoassist with knowledge sharing and training.
From a candidate perspective it's easy to apply and track progress of an application. Taleo is huge so it's likely they will have engaged with the product before anyway. So despite the branding being different, the look and feel will be familiar to them.

Recruiters in the back end can also move people through workflows fairly easily and their experience can be tailored to something they are comfortable with.
Takes a long time to set up, the customer success team are excellent in helping you do this but it does require a strong knowledge of systems and tech to implement and run.
It builds up from raw data and ends up in some very informative charts 
within the 9 box meeting with colors and stuff so the managers and everyone else 
immediately sees what is the situation if it comes to talents and their estimated impact on the business, 
whether they are likely to stay or likely to leave.
Taleo keeps track of all of our past and present job applicants, job openings, job descriptions 
and the dates that they all transpired.
Even if we receive job applications from the sources, we route all applicants through Taleo as well.
It would be nice if Taleo incorporated some of the features that sites like Facebook jobs have.
There's not an ideal preview image with the sharing.
I think Taleo has the potential to be awesome. My issues with it mainly come from Customer Service. If there is an issue it is impossible to get any help. Our previous rep. told us that she "didn't really know much about Taleo" and most of what she could help us with was stuff that we easily figured out on our own. She would struggle to even show us how to edit email templates. We want to be making the most out of this ATS, but without some guidance or resources, we are struggling to find it all that beneficial to us. 

It's great for the basics, but other than that, my team has yet to find the real value behind using it.
As soon as we implemented Taleo, we began looking for a new LMS. That says something.
Ability to nest learning plans inside learning plans.
Where do I begin? The tech support is the worst I've ever encountered, we have to use a consultant on a regular basis, always an issue with a user having to switch browsers to watch a course.
Taleo has its issues just like any other software but it's ease of use and features outweigh any issues. 
It is a robust, reliable tool for managing information, with a good variety of reports.

I like the application, its reports that are very friendly. The handling of candidate information and support is very good

I like the tool, however it is not very customizable and its interface is a little outdated. I think the application is very good

My organization is currently implementing the Taleo Learn solution. Software is extremely flexible, however this also means a lot of choices must be made for proper configuration. 
Very flexible and customizable.
Lots of decisions must be made to customize.
It offers all the functionality we need in an applicant tracking system and typically works pretty well overall.
The interface is outdated and there are a few weird bugs that impact basic functionality.. like reposting an old requisition instead of creating a brand new one is not possible right now. 
If you are testing the pain tolerance of your applicants, Taleo will do a good job of weeding out people who aren't masochists.
Please fill in all of these fields after submitting your resume which contains all of the same information.
This software is totally unnecessary and makes your company look out of touch.
Reporting metrics are helpful but could be more conclusive and could be more filters available.  Application information is not easily printable for those that refuse to use a computer to view.
Interface is dreadfully slow, it is built in flash which is outdated and unable to access from apple ipads, iphones which is difficult to manage at career events and providing instant feedback to potential applicants.
Very ease to use and data entry for candidate and client management.
Love the offer mgmt and integration with 3 rd party for background checks.

Cons: lot of steps / workflow, not easy to pick up for non technical resources 
I like that it does give you a place to house your candidates. 
This product has too many features and options to customize, too many reports need to be built only if you know how to code. The scheduling feature is very hard to work with and the bugs that happen are a bit scary. 
