Communication with patients when confirming or trying to make appointments. We started to use TM for marketing, but we now use it for scheduling appointments when we can not get hold of the patient on the phone. We use it for sending messages directly from the clinician to the patient . 
It enhances communication in a really friendly and authentic way. I don't know who we would run our business without it.
I can't think of any, as I am happy with TM. Later in this survey, there is mention of integrating TM with other products. I would be interested to know what TM integrates with. 
It was August 28th, 2017. Hurricane Harvey had landed in Houston and was causing a record amount of flooding. People were dying, and thousands were still trapped in their homes. I made a simple website for my buddy's church, so his friends could keep track of all of the parishoners that needed rescue.

The website quickly went viral however, and soon the entire city was using it as a way to track the rescue cases. Rains continued to pound Houston, and what started as a simple website that I made in 6 hours now was literally the only thing standing in the way of death for thousands of people still trapped by the rising floodwaters.

We had a problem, though. Some of the people were getting rescued but not being marked "SAFE" on the site. This resulted in wasted resources, as rescuers would would go to a house and find nobody there, the homeowner having already been rescued hours earlier.

We had to come up with a solution to this problem. Luckily, we had all of their phone numbers, so we decided to text them all. It was 2 AM in Texas, and I needed to have it done overnight because we were expecting more waves of signups in the morning.

I tried Twilio but nobody answered the phone or replied to my urgent messages. Luckily, TextMagic picked up the phone and I got a working account in minutes. We sent out thousands of SMS overnight. TextMagic was there when others weren't.  We ended up saving 25,000 people that week, a number which would have been smaller if not for TextMagic.
The customer service is excellent. I don't recall the woman's name, but it was the best customer service I have ever received for any product, in a literal life or death situation.
I couldn't tell at first glance, by looking at the website, if it was ready for enterprise solutions or not
I really like the mass messaging and the multiple languages. 
There is nothing we have found to dislike on this. It is wonderful. 
Due to the system's ease of use and robust support pages, I don't believe we have had to reach out for support one time. The delivery rates for the SMS/MMS' are nearly 100 percent consistently, and overall it has been a real winner for the company and the staff that consistently use it.
After looking at and testing several SMS/MMS applications, we found Text Magic to be the easiest to build out and implement into our multi-department, varying needs, company culture. The process seemed more intuitive and seamless than all of the other options out there, from uploading our contacts with specific field names, creating user accounts, purchasing and setting up unique phone numbers for different users and departments, and the rollout. The key features we use and value most are:

1. Contact List options allow us to segment our lists into prospect status versus existing customer status and more.
2. Sub Account Management
3. SMS and MMS options which enable us to send graphic content for promotional purposes
4. Reporting and audit features to monitor usage and customer responses
Though the software does have an MMS option, it does not allow the user to send bulk MMS messages, which would be nice for marketing to new customers or sending graphic content to our existing customer base without having to do it one contact at a time. 
The recent regulatory change requiring all businesses to "register" their texting numbers with a bureaucratic oversight agency (I think it mainly affects USA texting frankly at this time) was certainly a headache for the entire sms industry. But the textmagic people patiently walk me through the steps, and got my textmagic number registered in the proper way. My overall experience with textmagic is that the company has a passion for continually improving the product, making it more user-friendly every day, and above all listening to irritating customer feedback such as mine, in order to make a sincere and speedy effort to implement requested user features. Thank you textmagic. So glad I found you many years ago. Jim
We have used textmagic for number of years, and find it to be an indispensable part of our business. I personally shopped around a number of different text messaging providers, but none of them has come close to the wonderful user-friendly textmagic control panel and android app (so important to be able to stay in touch with customers when I have my phone with me out of the office, the textmagic; the android app keeps getting better and better). The chat history feature remembers all conversations with the particular client, so gives easy visual context to ongoing texting with that person. The templates feature is extremely valuable in my situation, and I have almost 100 different boilerplate customer replies created over the years and textmagic. Unbelievably useful and time-saving everyday. 
The incoming text message notifications do work perfectly on the android app on my phone. And frankly that is what I mainly rely on. It seems the textmagic has an ongoing challenge allow audible and pop-up notifications to display reliably Windows 10 desktop PCs, however. I understand that this is not really in their control beyond a certain point, and there technical support people and developers have been more than generous with their time to explain to me how they are constantly seeking to overcome the limitations that Microsoft places on any application. So there technical support and developers get 10 stars in my book, and I hope that Microsoft stops tinkering with Windows to mess up otherwise great applications like textmagic. 
Overall, we managed to reach our complete client’s list via SMS and this led to an increase brand awareness and new contracts. We do recommend using TextMagic.
I really loved the SMS Custom Sender ID which allowed us at the company to send branded SMS under our company name. This was indeed a unique and undisputed marketing tool which greatly contributed in enhancing our brand promotion. Best of all: this feature was free of charge.
TextMagic dedicated phone number do cost a fee. I would appreciate if at least 1 phone number per account was offered for free.
Easy to use & so much easier to be able to type with a keyboard rather than tiny buttons on mobile phone. Useful to have the messages appear via emails too.
Overall, TextMagic is really great and if you are looking for a tool to build and manage your contact list, while at the same time boosting your direct communication, then TextMagic is the no.1 choice!

I really love TextMagic because of its great pricing. That was the reason No.1 which convinced us in making this software our default one at the company. I really appreciate the SMS delivery report feature and the interface is very easy to use and navigate.
Even though we understand that this procedure could be part of their KYC, TextMagic should allow customers who do not yet have a business email (custom domain) to sign up. Startups and micro businesses may not yet have the budget to afford a business email address.
Great, our organization loves the product and will keep using it.
Easy to use and the email response with the messages is quite helpful.
I don't have a dislike for the product. I've experienced more benefits from the product than cons with TextMagic.
This services works brilliantly for me. I run a dance school. I've set up 10 different lists (one for each of my classes) and I use it for any last minute changes or cancellations to classes, ie: inclement weather, problems with venues, etc. Thankfully I don't have to use it often, but it's invaluable as an emergency contact tool. Set up is easy - you can import excel spreadsheets if you have numbers already in an excel list. And, once set-up, I can send out dozens of texts which arrive within seconds.  The only slight issue I had was that I really wanted to TALK to someone at TextMagic with regard to how it all works, and I had trouble actually getting hold of someone on the phone, but I did receive a very comprehensive email answering my queries.
Ease of use
Great Product .  Scheduling is  bonus. As texts can be sent in absence.
Fast and effective communication that helps us increase conversions in our online campaigns.
After automating the sending of msm, we can activate notifications when we receive responses and thus be able to serve potential customers live, this is a great advantage because we combine automated marketing with personal marketing.
The support service can take up to 24 to answer our questions and inconveniences.
It seemed easy enough and I was glad that I didn't have to invite people to sign up but things went south from there.
Couldn't upload numbers en masse, signed up for the free, that wasn't exactly free, and when I tried to pay for more, my cc was declined which isn't possible, so I think this may be a scam, but now they have my cc #, so I'll have to cancel it. 
And now it seems I can't submit this review; guess only positive ones are accepted.
Easy to set up, to use, to send to change - great service ! Thank you
Intuitive and easy to use - happy with pricing and ease of use
none that I have found at all  - a great provider for SMS for a small micro business 
I like that I can easily send text messages to my customers. I also like that I can customize the messages I want to send and schedule them in advance. The customer service is great and I am able to reach someone quickly.
I wish the UI was more updated or renovated. But the team behind TextMagic is great so I'm sure they'll be rolling out an updated dashboard soon.
I am fully satisfied with this mass SMS provider. It's deliverability rate is very high and from this standpoint, I do recommend. 
I really appreciate that TextMagic offers occasional promotional credits as compared to its competitors. This enabled us to have a wider reach but also save on costs. The ability to saved our database and enrich it within the CRM is also a marvelous thing: It enabled us to have an optimized data management and a closer monitoring of our SMS outreach and results. 
TextMagic is a great tools but some of its international pricing seems a bit to high. This should be standardized as far as possible. 
Absolutely superb! Running a small business I appreciate a good product made better by simplicity of use. On the one occasion I needed to speak to someone they could not have been more helpful. I wholeheartedly & unreservedly recommend Text magic. Excellent value too!
Communication to our employees is very important and with them not in the office, we needed a conduit from our office, directly to them,  for fast messages to get out to all.  We are overall pleased with this program and will enjoy every new update they make in the future as it can only get better. 
We started using the software as the need to get in touch with our truck drivers is paramount in our industry.  This is a great way to do this in theory.  I like the ease of use and options to organize the driver phone number list.  It gets the messages out to them.  I had a minor set up problem when we first started and discovered the number I picked on the list did not work and my messages were not going out to all employees.  Customer service chat was very helpful and they reimbursed the amount in our account for the charges and corrected the phone number issue I had.  
As with any program, maintaining the information in it is most important.  If we do not keep the contacts current, mass texting may go out to contacts who are no longer with the company.  And your information will not go out to everybody who needs it if they are not entered in when first hired. We have a high turnover rate so it is another list we have to take care of.  Currently Text Magic will only allow for one administrator to control all lists and manage.  My company has need for more than just one administrator.  So we share one log in right now.   The last minor issue we have is the option for our employees to opt out of the texts.  It hasn't happened but only once but it does and will again, sooner or later.  
Never any issues with this service. Great remembers for my tourism bookings.  I get texts to my phone when away from my desk so never miss a booking!
I managed to launch successful promotional and communications campaign, and have the message get right away to the targeted audience as compared to other means where the message opening rate is low (email) or where the message gets lost in a flood of content (social media). Great experience. I definitely recommend. 
I love the fact that their SMS delivery rate are almost at 100%. The SMS length calculator is very useful and helps in saving costs. Their pre-build SMS templates are very useful and helps save time and copy-writing efforts. Best of all, the multiple numbers from which the SMS can be sent, if not the most sought Custom Sender ID, for optimal branding. 
I would appreciate that the prices get lower, or packs for unlimited SMS's for a day for example, were available. 
