Widely used by industry.
Highly recognized globally.
Easy-to-use platform.
Good data insights.
Easy to use.
Great support.
Certifications that complement the use of the platform.
Highly recognized industry-level tool.
Access to students was a little limited, perhaps providing access that corresponds to the certification videos would be helpful.
The duration of the access for students could be extended.
With so much going on, I've been using SEMRush for a few years now, and while I wish I had more time to really immerse myself in the product, it gives a lot of features, news, and training that make my life simpler.
The program provides a wealth of information that I can put to quick use in order to better understand how my client's company is faring financially. For example, I can quickly see how our content is performing, plan social media postings and use the writing assist tool to improve our content's chances of ranking by providing metrics and advice. Customer service is the finest I've seen from any product; they respond quickly and are excellent at finding a solution 5.
Instagram posting would be fantastic, but the notification feature is useful while we wait. As my own data doesn't always match, I'm inclined to believe that my competitor's data is likewise inaccurate.... Some advice on how we can deal with the fact that we don't have direct access to rival data would be helpful, as it's clear that this information cannot be completely true.
We use SEMRush to for SEO research, competitive analysis, content marketing, and some for PPC as well. The insights are incredible, and it has changed the game for our own marketing as well as our clients'. It's all-around a great tool. 
A ton, but my favorite is probably the content marketing toolset. SEMRush provides topic research, keyword research, a writing assistant, and much more. The suite of SEO tools is incredible as well: site audits, keyword research, gap analyses, backlink analytics, and keyword tracking. You are able to set up projects, receive notifications, report to clients, and more. I love SEMRush. 
The only thing I don't love about SEMRush are their traffic predictions. As a smaller business, I find they're often very misleading and inaccurate. I imagine they're more accurate for larger sites. You also don't get API Access on the Guru plan – only business. I understand why, but I'd love to have access to API credits regardless my plan.
SEMrush gives me so much valuable marketing data to study on a daily basis, it truly is one of the first tools I use for any marketing project.
I love the fact that SEMrush solves so many digital marketing problems for me. I can accomplish all my initial project marketing goals with the help of SEMrush and the information it gives me. I can spy on competitor's marketing strategies and easily track keywords. Marketing audits are extremely easy to complete and the reports are super informative. Creating effective links and effective content is crucial for all marketers, and this tool will help you accomplish that.
I'd love to see additional audit reporting information.
No benefits so far, sorry to say.
I like how this tool analyzes SEO in a way that I've never seen before, so it brings a lot to the table.
Unfortunately, due to different constraints posed by the web building tool that I'm using, turning the analysis into strategies and actions are not that easy.
SEMrush is helping me increase my SEO result for my business. 
How powerful this tool is! I've recently put a lot of time and energy into my seo and semrush has be super helpful. 
Not much of a con but semrush is so powerful and has so many options that it can be a little overwhelming for a first time user. 
SEMrush is a powerful market research and tracking tool.  It was easy to get started right out of the box and get projects set up for multiple clients.
I find that it is difficult to know when your sites have earned new links.  Platforms like BuzzSumo make it very obvious when a new link is earned by sending you regular updates on this specific metric.
It’s 10/10
This is an amazing app I would recommend it to
Peers and other .
This is a great app! I don’t have anything bad to say about this app.
Really good experience with this software which I've been using for 4 years.
I love semrush as it gives really important insight about your SEO and about your competitors. It's easy to use and very intuitive.
I can't say that there is anything I don't like in this tool.
keyword research and backlink analysis
competitor analysis like mossad :)
keyword research
backlink analysis like a crawler does
Easy to use as anyone can use it
a complete packages of tools
it is not free :)
free trial is for 30 days only
nothing more cons it is already loved by top bloggers and internet marketer worldwide.
Positive, I think it's the best of the bunch. I think it could be cleaner, could be more concise in some ways. But, it's the best of the bunch, and in my opinion, by a long way.
The clean interface, the scope of data you can obtain - but simply, it's ease of use in comparison to Moz and Ahrefs
The videos are poor. I watched the SEM rush tutorial, it lacked any kind of charisma and was really surface level. Then, I wanted to deep dive into Google ads, your course is terrible, I'm sure the man Is knowledgable but it was a video of him with small excerpts of the interface - it should be all a screen share with him in the corner - I understand the want for the videography and angles, the productivity youtube kind of effect, but it took away from the education to the point I had to quit. Actually teach, teach well - people will love it. Your whole education hub is well advertised and lacking for quality engaging content.
La mejor herramienta para monitorear SEO pero compleja de usar si no eres un usuario experimentado.
The amount of features and analytics together with the metrics on which it is based makes SEMrush an essential software if you want to grow your SEO positioning.
If you have never used it, you may get lost in the multitude of options and functions it offers, which means that you need a learning time before using it correctly.

I concede to take advantage of SEMRush, I needed to invest some energy with it and I can disclose to you that following three years, I don't have the foggiest idea about every last bit of it. However with all that intricacy, you can get a task going and become helpful very quickly
This is a stunning across the board device for SEO. Regardless of whether you need an instrument for catchphrase research, backlinks, or upgrading your site, you'll track down every one of the devices within SEMRush. It's center highlights are certainly around watchwords (following and exploring the catchphrases that are positioning for a specific area), you can utilize this data to enhance your site with the implicit site review highlights. 


I loathe the reality you've to burn through $100+ dollars each month to get white name SEO reports. Likewise, I'm not very excited about the business folks pushing new arrangements and not supporting old arrangements (a couple of companions have encountered this). Past I needed to move up to a yearly arrangement and basically I'd lose a portion of the advantages I had, that didn't bode well. 

No negatives other than its taking me some time to learn.
Feature packed solution.  If you are serious about managing content and monitoring success Semrush is the only option.
No real cons, just takes quite a bit of learning to use properly.
• Increased productivity in SEO projects by spending less time responding to clients
• Backlink query to support Google search console reporting
• The learning platform
Return on Investment
• Increase in Google SERP places faster than other tools
• Decrease in delivery of SEO reports to clients
• Make SEO reports quickly
• Daily Google SERP SEO Alerts
• Organic investigation of the competition
• Reports of SERP's only of Local SEO
• Checking local files for all countries
• Improve reports On Page SEO Checker
If you want to get a quick 360 view of what your competitor is doing. All you got to do is type a url or a keyword ands SEMRush picks it up from there.
Easy to use. Data is accurate.
None, to be perfectly honest.
In my opinion Sumrush is the best SEO tool known in the world. And for those who are not yet on Sumrush, I recommend it to you at 99,99%.
I like how Semrush analyzes my website and gives me key words to increase my website
The only drawback to Semrush is the pricing. The price is more or less high.
I am not able to offer this for my clients as I don't have the time to do so.  However, my business is not designed for full time SEO. 
If you have the budget, this is a great tool.  You do need to know your way around SEO world in order for this to work. 
You might be better off hiring a firm to manage your SEO as it can be very complicated getting around this software. 
I use this software constantly to develop targeted SEO actions on the websites of the clients I manage, and to identify the market trends and the best performing keywords.
I really like the clarity of online keyword information gathered by Google and Bing search engines, very useful for developing professional marketing strategies
I would improve the graphical interface, inserting more information and data to develop content marketing actions
Checking the overall health of the site is made easy. SEMRush gives a detailed look at how a site is performing SEO-wise. The only downside is that it can be quite expensive for some especially for those who are not inside the United States. 
There are a lot of tools available. From keyword research to all kinds of audits; SEMRush has got it all. Competitor research is also made easy thanks to their large database. 
Price is a bit expensive considering that not all tools might be used. Other tools are also not really helpful for those outside in the United States. Keyword data for some countries are also lacking.
