With monday.com's help, we were able to accurately track each and every operation and apply comprehensive management concepts. As a result, we were able to document every step of the client request and workflow process, which had a beneficial impact on everyone and improved teamwork amongst personnel. As a result, we were able to better comprehend the difficulties and make better decisions more quickly.
Working groups can collaborate on projects using monday.com to share and discuss their ideas, and then work together to develop them as a team. Using monday.com, the team is able to see the progress of their collaborative mission in a spectacular visual representation, which makes it easier for them to identify any hurdles. With more people working on the project, it's important to be able to keep track of all of the tasks that monday.com assists you with in real time. Project managers of all skill levels can use monday.com's simple user interface and ready-made templates, which can be customized to suit the nature of the project, to manage their projects more effectively, and to rely on technology-based solutions that can improve the efficiency of tracking all stages of progress. An undertaking of this kind. In addition to the powerful cloud database it provides, which can save project and customer records, I enjoy how it is also utilized as a platform for customer care and follow-up emails between colleagues. It's a fantastic program that meets all of your demands at a very cheap price.
In general, you will have all the tools you need to manage the workflow and follow up with clients and staff, so there are no unwanted topics to discuss.
With monday.com, we aimed to track the progress of activities going on within the team and monitor productivity.
To be honest, I loved the colors. It was quite pretty so it definitely made me want to come back. I also loved that I could see team-wide, what everyone had going on. That was a great plus for me.
I particularly found the UX to be quite tiresome. I wouldn't say it was userfriendly. Also, the Mac app never opened. That was a big challenge.
I am very satisfied with the service and support which make us grow and flow into this simple, multifaceted and individualised software.  Dapulse will take care of you so you flow into your own set up.   -Jonas Philipson Making the world a divine place for the highest good of all.
Simple, direct, multifaceted, integrating
The app
El manejo que tenemos en el desarrollo de nuestros proyectos es Genial. Nos permite controlar, medir y administrar facilmente para llegar a nuestros Objetivos. 

Gracias Dapulse!
Great user-friendly tool for team collaboration across multiple location.   Just lacks some scheduling and project management functionality to make it perfect.
Quick set-up and easy to share wuth no need to ‘train’ other users
I did not find anything that I disliked 
I like and i use it daily its make my work getting better and easier 
every team member can see all active tasks and their progress, making it easy to pass work from one person to the next or jump in quickly if someone is suddenly unavailable.
Inconsistent and Byzantine navigation options
We use monday.com every single day without fail at our company and it's definitely made out entire workflow process much easier and streamlined. For me personally, I like the fact that it gives me a good overview of the work I need to do, what I'm currently working on and also the work that I've completed.

My team members make good use of the collaboration features and I love how much of info and how in-depth an individual task can go. It's really great knowing that all our work (images, docs, notes, etc) just live on monday.com and not in a million different places.

The user interface is also pretty sleek although it can be a little bit overwhelming for new users but that isn't an issue once they get used to it.

I haven't needed to use their customer support (haha, that's a compliment!) but from what I've read, their support is top notch.
It has great collaboration features, a nice overview of stuff that you're working on, worked on, or still to work on. Their pricing is very affordable - you definitely get what you pay for and MORE. 
The UI can sometimes look messy and a bit overwhelming. The new name is still taking some time for our team to get used to. For example, it can be a bit confusing when someone from the team says, "I posted it on Monday" and you aren't sure if they meant the day of the week or the software.
Very intuitive design and layout. One big hurdle our company experienced in the past with attempting to implement intra-company applications for these type purposes was user frustration and avoidance due to clunky and non-intuitive design. This application has many deep features, but the first "layer" of learning to use this application is quick, which helps with buy-in and acceptance from our employees.
This application is still growing its feature list. There is not much to dislike, but rather having patience as they continually implement new features that will meet needs and requirements.
I like this software indeed
Monday.com is a very safe software to for everyone 


This is some common software that everyone uses it in business
monday.com is exactly what we needed. It helped our team get organized and stay on track. The GUI is simple, easy to understand and everything just worked. 
I did not find any real problems with the software itself. I do the the price is a little high for the service. 
improved performance across multiple teams
The centralised view across all teams which eliminates sending  emails as well as the ease of use for all involved in a project
I am not using the software as often as my  team members so it would be unfair of me to comment on this
It makes me more effective on my work and, once configured, it reduces the manual actions I have to do.
It is flexible, user friendly and have a lot of possibilities when you use integrations and automations.
Sometimes it slows down with no obvious reason
I love how simple it was to break down parts of a project and have them all at my fingertips. The colors are great as well, need more color options but it is great as is. 
The cost is too high. Cost is great for a company, but they should look into individual plans as well. 
This is a great SCRUM application to use for a team to keep everyone on track.
The cost is a bit high considering that you could run SCRUM without it. 
I really like Monday.com. I was introduced to it by a client so that I could follow their pipeline activity. I am currently using on another client project to manage my own Pipeline within their project.
Easy to use. Great value. Very organized design and UX
The set-up process is a bit involved but other than that I have no majorcons. 
Beautiful design and the UI is very well done. Smooth transitions between pages and features, and an overall superb experience using their App. I love how responsive the interface is and just how highly customizable it is, all white maintaining slick functionality. The mobile app is also very well done and features most tools available online.

I love everything about Monday personally as the cost doesn't come out of my pocket. It is somewhat expensive and I am sure smaller businesses would hesitate before making the decision to use Monday.
Monday.com is a project management software that actually works! It is easy to use, has a ton of features, from gantt charts to calendars to task management and it integrates really well into other programs, like excel! 
Monday.com is really customizable and easy to use! I feel like the visuality of the whole software as it allows you to quickly find out what you need to know. I also love all of the integration options! 
Monday.com doesn't support dependencies on the timeline, which was something that I really wanted to input into our timelines for my team. I feel like it would push my team members to get something done if they knew another piece was waiting on them. 
DP is an enjoyable project management tool that our team finds easy to use and allows us to stay extremely organized and productive. Thanks DP!!
This program allowed my organization to organize a lot of information in one place. This has made our organization much more efficient in some ways. 
Software does not have the best visual appearance. Very simple layout . 
