The workflow view was helpful to our web developers because they were used to using that type of system. The benefit Forecast provided our team was coupling that feature with the ability to manage general traffic flow, work accountability and timelines for projects. 
We experienced a few bugs with browser compatibility and Google docs.  The reporting structure is also not as robust for the reports we need to generate for internal review and our clients.
Has everything needed to develop, planning and control any kind of projects within the organization 
This easy-to-use tool makes the project team incorporate very quickly to use the software and share detailed information about tasks and activities in a very clear way during project lifecycle.
So far I have not had problems with the tool
It is easy to use and the overall look of the platform is great!
As a 'regular' user, I don't see anything missing.
Timely delivery of the desired projects and set schedules 
Free version of the software is available for trial purposes to prospective customers 
Its easy to install and use 
Automates the work process in an organization 
The pricing plan of $19/month/user may not favor a huge corporation with hundreds of supervisors scattered in the office and the field thereby increasing the operation costs 
Syncs up automatically with Harvest and allows to make sure our team is running at its capacity as well as making sure that some team member are not overworked
Learning curve can be a bit tricky, lots a things to put in place before getting outputs
Allows us to get the upcoming task and deadlines for the same. We can check for the progress of our projects easily. Timeline management.
It needs a lot of learning to use it, not easily managed.
Great to actually see my own personal management plan instead of just milestones in a diary. Also easy for my superiors to see who is over/under allocated with workload at a glance.
Good easy to understand visuals with plenty of colour ques. Easy to manipulate timeframes and shuffle tasks with only a few mouse clicks.
Took a little bit of playing around to figure out the best way to use it for me. Multiple different ways of doing the same thing was a little daunting at first but now I've figured out the way I like to work it.
Very good, and it is clear that the product is being worked on.

Both through updates by e-mail and seeing new functions being added.
Ease of use and clear overviews.

The design is very clean and the UX is topnotch.
It is a bit fixated on certain aspects.
Instead of being focused on projects, 
a focus on clients would be nice as an alternaive.

This is not a minus if all your work is project-based. 
I am using forecast to programme time across multiple projects and clients.   It allows me to quickly see the proportion of time allocated to each client, and for every project, track progress to completion.    It provides that "birds eye" view on when I am getting behind on something. It has assisted me to more accurately scope how long each project or task may take to complete.  It also provides a solid basis to explain why I cannot accept additional work- when my time is fully allocated.  It was worth taking the time to set up my programme properly so that I get the best from the available functionality. 
It allows me to schedule my work programme and see when my time is fully allocated for months in advance. It shows future periods when I could accept more work from clients. 
I don't have any concerns.  Note it takes some time to set up each persons programme (perhaps up to half a day), it is worth doing this properly as then the tracking of projects will be more informative. 
The software works like a dream if your organization has the depth of project management/trafficking skill to understand how to balance its functions with the needs of the people captured by the system. This is NOT a great software for agile environments in my opinion. 
Forecast's direct integration with Harvest (time tracking) makes it a simple and easy process to assign tasks to a team member in Forecast and have it automatically appear in Harvest for them to log time against, helping streamline the process and reducing the number of steps.
The only thing I don't like about this software is when you shift things around if a new project comes in or an old drops off, it's a little challenging to do because you have to click every single element after that project. Would be easier if there was a "bump" feature of some sort.
We are solving communication, resourcing and budget issues with this product. This is the first time we have a tool that allows us to see how profitable we are on each project.
How easy it is to use and navigate around the product
 The icon of the eye is not intuitive and I don't like how every task automatically takes on the date range of the milestone with which it is associated.
Forecast is a professional project management software that helps users collaborate and assign tasks and their durations for big and small tasks alike. I 
Forecast is a professional project management software that helps users collaborate and assign tasks and their durations for big and small tasks alike. I 
Forecast is a professional project management software that helps users collaborate and assign tasks and their durations for big and small tasks alike. I 
The timelines are great - it helps me see the "big picture" roadmap as well as my team's workload at any given point of a product's life cycle.
The UI is okay, and the UX is not the best - but once you get the hang of the product, it will pay off.
I like that it is very easy to use and has helped me to organize better my time and have knowledge of where my hours are being allocated.
I have only used it on desktop version, I find it a little complicated to use it on mobile but otherwise this software has helped a lot on my team and I think is great. 
Overall, very positive experience so far.
Easy to use, intuitive, fantastic customer service.
Some display issues at times, have had some challenges with time entry (data disappeared).
Forecast is a very great tool to organize yourself, especially in an agency with multiple projects and the need to have a control on planning and costs. 
Forecast is really good to keep a planning on tracks and to have a view of your costs during the project.
With Forecast, you need to be very organized and the software is challenging because you can't start if you don't know what you are doing.
Forecast allows me to solve the problem of reporting my time to upper management.
As an engineer there is nothing more rewarding than tracking my time. Forecast allows me to do that in a fun and easy way.
I don't get to use it enough - Forecast is the best application ever made!
Innovative software that looks like it was designed by project/product managers. 
Feels rather new. Some gitches and bugs being worked out with implementations on the way. This should get better over time
The customer support is truly brilliant. The app is easy is to use and I can log in my hours quickly without difficulty.
The android application can be done better so that I can just use my phone to log in my hours and see my upcoming tasks.
I enjoy the easy interactivity that the Hammerjs is built on with Forecast. That allows for easier use when it comes to assigning and tasking.
I would prefer more pure PM controls and constraints in methodologies of Agile kanban or scrum. So that the workflow page would have either more Kanban specific controls such as work capacity, exit criteria, and more places to manually put things. In addition it would be great to see Tshirt size estimation created in the scoping page to allow for faster scoping rather than entering the time one task at a time. This would help immensely with a massive project by setting outlines of tshirt size to hours(min/max) and allowing the team to drag and drop easily instead of opening and modifying each task at a time.
