Primarily driving consistency and accuracy across the company on financial reporting, budgeting and forecasting and eliminating all the shortfalls of maintaining those processes in MS Excel.  Future vision to implement Account Reconciliations, People Planning, Capital Planning, Sales Planning and Task Manager. 
The software really is simple to use, user adoption is very fast and for one price you get for multiple products (consolidations, planning/forecasting, account recs, capital planning, etc...)
I have not found anything currently that I do not like about the software.
Positive experience compared to Oracle
OneStream is extremely user friendly and everything you need is on one platform 
Some user functions aren’t available yet
The things that we wanted in a consolidation platform is ease of use, a company that takes initiative to update the product, and something that will help with our consolidation/reporting.  OneStream solves all these problems and we are very happy with our investment in OneStream.
The thing that I like most about the software is that it is very easy to get data out of the system.  You can use quickviews, cubeviews, dashboards, books, the options are endless.  Once you have these items set up, it takes seconds to produce your monthly financials or inquire on data.
The thing that I liked least about the software was the difficulty of dashboards.  I spent a good while trying to figure out an Executive homepage in the older versions.  With v5.0 and going forward, it looks like this will be simple from the presentations at Splash.
OmeStream is the updated product that most of the others wish they were.  Some of the legacy competitors have stopped innovating.  Here's an integrated product that's taken off from where they left off.
OneStream does take professional implementation.
OneStream is now the central platform for reporting, consolidation and IFRS16. The users only use 1 system, there is only 1 admin maintaining all these functional requirements.
It's a platform, the consolidation, reporting, data integration is included. But there are also marketplace solutions (apps that you can download) to implement e.g. IFRS16. All from the same user experience.
Since it is a platform it has a steep learning curve. Since everything is possible its hard to balance between the ultimate solution and project budget/ timelines.
Great tool. I sincerely recommend it to all. I do my job better and have more dat thanks to OS.
Integration with our previous data was manageable. Customer support was made easy and efficient. Data visualization is awesome. I can understand our company better as undestanding the daily volatility of the company has been made easier to measure and better to predict future circumstances.
Probably what took the most amount of time was the integration with our ERP.
The OneStream team are amazing to work with and their products solve so many problems that most other CPM systems have!
OneStream bridges the gap that a lot of other CPMs have problems with. The software drastically improves cycle times for our customers and simplifies the budgeting processes.
Price is higher than some other CPMs but for the problems it solves, it's understandable.
Tea or Coffee? Well... i want both...
It is the same for OneStream. You always have the choice to implement a solution the way YOU want. It starts with asking you if you prefer being on premises or in the cloud. You have the choice!
One of its strongest point can be also a weak one : Anything can be done with OneStream but that means that a lot of configuration needs to be done in some cases!
Features, Workflow, Security, Cube and Cube views, Extensible Dimensionality, Dashboards, Flow
Integration of backend data not available and its limited
Great experience. Easy to use. Flexible
Flexibility of change. Our company makes changes every few months and the ability to incorporate changes and dimensionality is key to a system. One stop shop is the best description 
Coding is required for customization. For things to be easy to use for users required a lot of customization 
With the ability to report from both the cubes and the underlying data source OneStream can be the single solution for my users. 
I wish the configuration buttons where also in a text menu
We are utilizing OneStream for its consolidation functionality. We are also working to implement the people planning solution. 
The ability to have a unified system. OneStream's ability to keep multiple solutions on one platform. 
The amount of clicks to configure a lot of items. 
Software has a lot of flexibility for reporting and equally useful inside and outside of excel
Lots of standup time,  simple processes take lot of build
Overall, OneStream has provided a significant benefit to our company. It's a simple, dynamic tool that provides a good end-user experience. It has helped us to speed up our close process and provides great analytical tools for users. 
From an administrator point of view, the software is extremely flexible and for the most part does not require computer language skills. Almost any report can be created and shown in different ways. The software is extremely dynamic and provides a positive end-user experience if built out correctly.
There have been a few minor bugs(Account Reconciliation Manager). While the end-user experience is great for most users, it is difficult to implement on a large scale (100+ users, frequent turnover) due to training. Every application is different, so general training documents are not always applicable. Pulling activity instead of balances is possible, but seems to have caused a few headaches as it's not common.
People are great, tool is powerful
Reporting has great flexibility; look forward to rolling it out
I have not found any issues with the tool so far

r
Flexible for many business applications, stable and reliable infrastructure. Highly customizable. Data dimensionality and Excel plug in tool are very powerful. 
Many functions require Microsoft VBA coding knowledge. 
The software is easy to use. It allows our company quick consolidations and lets us easily drill into our financial info. 

It Has been difficult to learn all of the nuisances of the system. 
Very happy with our choice and would not change decision if could go back and choose different vendor
OneStream has wide array of functionalities, all on one platform, one software language at one price; powerful corporate performance management platform has helped us automated many tasks across multiple areas in accounting, financial reporting, budgeting, forecasting and analytics.
Like other platforms must invest time and resources to get through learning curve
We were forced to make a platform decision by ORACLE, timing was not good from an operational standpoint. We are 6 months in to an 11 month project to go live replacing our Hyperion environment.We are extremely pleased so far with the quality of the product, the quality and speed of support and relatively low overhead to support. All projects this size have pain involved with change management, but thankfully, the software we chose is helping ease that pain, not enhance it.
-Ease and simplicity of software architecture implementation and design
-One Product for multiple purposes. 
-Long term expansion capability on one platform
-Win10 app access
-There is no comparison with the amount of time, effort and money it took to support and maintain the Hyperion environment. Install took less than 2 hrs. Comparable Hyperion install took weeks to get working
- Dashboarding can be simplified a bit - powerful, but a bit cumbersome to get started and understand
The software is a platform and enables the implementation to solve business problems instead of explaining what the software can and cannot do.
Migration capabilities could be improved.
