I've used this and find it to be very similar to the other scheduling tool - calendly
easy to get set up, and has different templates to customize the scheduling page
Nothing really, the basic free feature works just fine for 30 min or 1 hour calls
loved it so far! hopefully we could get 5 features in the basic subscription
I like the ease of use, the support from the staff and the overall functionality.
I would like to have at least 5 features included in the basic plan. three seems to be too low for such a price.
I use it as booking-service for my customers. They love it!
They get the booking- information, the reminder, and if they cancel the appointment it´s easy to handle too. It saves a lot of time for both sides: me and the customers!
it is easy to handle (if you kno how :-))
it looks very professional
the hotline-help is easy, fast and professional
The calendar: 
- I need to have different calendars with specific services and special days for different customers. They should not see the the services I offer to the other one. That is not possible. The only way is to start a new account.
- once I fixed the timeframe I could not change it anymore
The program is designed nicely and easy 
Give more options available for modification
We are using it to deliver a robust, GDPR-compliant booking service for students with comprehensive notification tools so that tutors and students are kept in the loop and can manage their own bookings rather than having to rely on administrators or email! The system has all the features we need to offer one-to-one sessions and small group sessions. There has not been another system to rival it so far so highly recommend it.
This is a very comprehensive booking management service. The architecture allows for highest level set-up for businesses of small to medium size with service, client, and user management. The customisation out of the box is full enough to create a very professional-looking booking site and the huge number of integrations available allows you to increase the functionality. There are reasonable price plans for businesses of different sizes. The fact that it is GDPR-compliant is a killer feature here in the UK.
The initial set-up can be a little overwhelming and some features are not apparent but there are comprehensive help sources. It might be helpful to have some more graduated price points above the free version since the free version is lacking some fundamental features but the cost levels higher up are reasonable.
Easy to use and UI is very friendly . 
Saved lot of time in scheduling meetings .
                       
No major cons so for.                                                                                 
Wonderful company! I tried, I wanted to try for the first time that it felt to work with them, and I have been fascinated and in love, they really are a team, they do not leave you alone, everything is together.
I really do not have any complaints about them, what a great path they have left, what a joy to be able to work with them.
I like that this is a simple reservation/booking software that is web based, has a clean interface, and has added bells and whistles for premium and paid subscription users.
There are better, more effective products that serve the same purpose,  but for anyone looking for a good balance between simple and affordable vs powerful, this is it.
Price point is great-  first 50 are free and prices increase at decent rate-- many templates to choose from and easy to navigate.  SimplyBook allows me to integrate payment processing
Maybe just me but I had minor issues with their texting and sms system-- no big deal everything else worked great
i have asked several of my clients to carry out test appointment bookings, all prefer it to our old system .. Setmore
Its ease of use and set up
clear and easy for customers to book
perhaps too many add ons
cost of allocating a domain
When I started my small business, I was extremely stressed about how to organize my bookings. I was doing it manually on paper calendars which were time-consuming and sometimes confusing.  After researching I found this software. It's simply amazing, it has made the booking system so smooth and organized and my clients love it. It's so good that I personally felt guilty using the free plan so I upgraded today. At first, it can be a little confusing to use because of various features but I can't thank the super friendly customer service team that gives detailed help and explanation whenever I'm stuck. I can also say that the more you use the software, the easier it gets.
For someone who isn't good at computers, this will likely be confusing at first.
I really don't know anything about it                                                                                      

I really don't know anything about it                                                                                      

The name says it all,  I like simplicity the most. Easy reservation system for everyone.
I did not come across any disadvantages.
Nice looking site, a bit difficult as a beginner but I am thankful for the Live Chat and Youtube videos. I was able to learn a lot and feel proud that I could do it mostly myself. It takes a lot of trial and error and talking with your client to make sure they like what they see. I used up my free trial just programming the page!  Again I thank the Live Chat for being helpful and honest.
I was first attacted to the look and the ease of programming what I needed for my clients site.  I still think all of that works well.  The Live Chat is a God send, and the help is very helpful and friendly.  I also like very much all the YouTube videos on EVERY page.  Some of the videos could go into more detail...but then I am a beginner so...maybe one Video that takes you through the Additional Options a little more clearly as I missed a few things.
When created the Booking widget it doesn't save your color settings and I also didn't realize that you can't change the background.  Also, I wanted the Facebook widget and it was never working properly.  It wasn't Simplybook.me problem but FACEBOOK.  Facebook doesn't allow the widget unless you have over 2000 likes.  Something maybe SB could mention.  It took me a few days to figure it out and I almost cancelled my subscription but the LIVE CHAT gave me a great solution.  I also really wish that I can keep the backend language in English, but my Frontend (what the customers sees) in German.  The main problem is that you can't change the Timeframe of the booking once you set it the first time.  Crazy!  I had it on 5 min, now I wish it was 15min.  My site would look cleaner because I am using the "Flexible" Calender.
 not like the product it is compact efficient, and very cheap, would indicate this product.



What I liked most about this software is being able to enjoy your work and serve your customers with total attention! With SimplyBook.me, your customers see your availability in real time and can book or cancel appointments anytime, anywhere. They can pay in advance through several payment processors and will be notified before scheduling, reducing non-attendance. Accept reservations 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, send promotions, manage memberships and classes, sell products, display reviews and images on your beautiful booking website. In addition to all these advantages it is very easy to use.

In fact there is nothing that does not like the product it is compact efficient, and very cheap, would indicate this product.

The program is designed nicely and easy 
Give more options available for modificatio
This software works very well for booking. We had complicated requirements for customer support and coaching and this software handled both well.
I loved the features included with the base package and the ability to add extra features alacarte to keep costs low. Customers can self-cancel and outgoing emails can be customized. Zapier included!
The moment you need an extra feature after your first three alacarte ones, the price jumps up into the next alacarte tier. Also, you cannot create booking "buffers" or delays for different departments. For example, if you want customer service customers to wait at least 1 hour before booking a customer service call, but want coaching customers to wait 24 hours before booking a call, it cannot accommodate those different delays in different departments. The entire company must be either a 1 hour delay, or a 24 hour delay.
The plugin works great for booking time at my studio. The interface is great and it is one of the easier plugins to use. It also looks fantastic on the front end and is easy for clients to use. It has payment, sync, and all the features that make it work really well for my business.  It is a really versatile and powerful booking plugin that can do almost everything that I need.
The only con to the plugin is the price for the full functionality. I would have to use the "premium" subscription at $60/month for up to 2000 bookings a month to access them all. I am very small and only use about 2% of those so the price is really high and not justifiable for me to access all of the great custom features.
Overalls experience is good. 
It is a very simple scheduling site. Not many customer don't know how to navigate around the site. 
The system has little niggle points that need improving such as drop downs for quantities/options where at the moment single widgets can only be selected. My business sometimes multiple events are needes but simply book it only allows the customer to book one event at a time, can be frustrating to the customer and also coats me extra with having 2 transactions.
my overall experience is all good!
When it comes to pricing it is a significant improvement upon Calendly.
Some pretty useful integrations.
Their customer support is really good. Fast response and people with good product knowledge.
You should be able to ad text in some of the booking "moments". This way you could explain to your customer's that they must choose PayPal or another payment way even if they don't have an account.
Maybe simplybook.me should have a direct payment with card option. Skipping all the payU or PayPal options. It would be more friendly for customers as this is the way it works for them in other online stores such as Amazon or eBay.
