We switched from Captivate to Storyline and 360. I enjoy it alot more as it feels and looks more modern. The content they provide is above par and well worth it as it all comes together amazingly even when you switch them up. I would just like to see more timing options. Other than that I highly recommend this product.
My pros are:

1. Easy to understand and user friendly
2. Much smoother when playing back content
3. Allows for the addition of templates which can be downloaded at any time
4. Intergeates well with other software such as a LMS when using published files
I would like to see the option to allow more audio to be added. For example, if I have two images on the slide, I would like to be able to attach an audio file to either image and not just have one audio file. I would also like to see more timing options. 
I have been using Articulate software for about 3 years now. My small e-learning business relies on Articulate Storyline to build engaging and interactive e-learning courses for my clients.

The first thing that attracted me to Articulate Storyline was definitely its ease of use and familiar interface. Anyone who knows PowerPoint can quickly get started with Storyline and create basic interactive e-learning. However, once you get comfortable using it, which doesn't take very long, you realize you can create very powerful and fully customized interactions. It is a great tool for any learning designer wanting to do their own development, and also for experienced developers as it is possible to really extend its capabilities with the use of Javascript.

I think the challenge for Articulate is to ensure its HTML5 compatibility functions better. While course that use the default settings work wonderfully on all platforms, course that have more customization have features that sometimes do not work correctly in HTML5. This is, of course, something that most software and app developers struggle with, and I am sure Articulate will rise to the challenge!

Highly recommend this software!

So far it's been a pretty impressive product. 
The 360 Suite have some great products and works with any LMS.
Software gets many updates and might be a pain for your IT staff to keep up with. 
I started by using Captivate and was not happy with the results. I found that the training I created and articulate looks more professional and was much easier to author.
Articulate has a suite of products that will serve any training needs. For a quick training with interactive elements, RISE is what you will need. For a more complex robust training, STORYLINE is best suited. Assets are robust and very numerous. 
The price point is a little high for an individual license. That being said, if that is the only drawback, it is very well worth the price. 
I have been an Articulate StoryLine user since it came out in about 2013. It took a while, but once I learned how to use it, I was able to create hundreds of amazing e-course modules and interactive games. It became one of my favorite software development tools allowing me to do things I never dreamed possible and really impressed (and expanded)  my clients. 

Support was okay. But I never really had to submit a support ticket. Articulate has the best community and I was usually able to get the help I needed from moderators or other community members. 

However, I can relate to Chris' frustration. For example, StoryLine has the capability to execute javascript which greatly expands what you can do with it. But the stock answer when you have a javascript question is ... "Sorry, we don't provide support for javascript; perhaps someone in the community can help you out." Fortunately for me, there was always someone well versed with javascript that was willing to share their code. 

Recently, it is becoming apparent that StoryLine has some major shortcomings, and that Articulate has been slow in adding new features and enhancements in response to client requests. These include such things as a) inability to use with high-res monitors; b) no capability to e-mail results to admin or user; c) no feature to have background audio across all slides (see Chris' review); d) no capability to publish only HTML5 output; e) poor quality of HTML5 published output that does NOT work well on many mobile devices; f) no responsive design capability; g) no capability to send results to a database; h) very slow player response on timeline when synchronizing animations and no true scrubber; and several other issues. 

In Nov. 2016, Articulate released 360 which bundled all of their current programs into one annual subscription (which is way too expensive for us to even consider). StoryLine 2 as a stand-alone product is still available and Articulate claims that StoryLine 3 will be available sometime in 2017. However, whether SL3 will address the major shortcomings of us and others, remains unknown. 

Therefore, to meet our needs for course development in an ever changing technological environment, we are currently exploring alternative e-learning software development tools. Our leading candidate is Captivate 9. It appears to have all the features missing in StoryLine (and much more). Also, it appears that CP9 is a much better value. 
Rise is great for rapid authoring. Review is critical for internal and external stakeholders and SMEs to review development. Storyline is my go-to for course authoring with Rise and Review as necessary companions.
Very active user community to get ideas and solve issues. Built in photos, icons are so useful.
The expense is higher than other elearning authoring tools. 
Best e-learning software i have work with
Ease of use, very complete, good support, vast library, continuous updates, several Scorm formats, simple and organized programming interface, 360 image.
Breaks when use many triggers (especially on Objects interseptions), still not well prepared for gamification,  some bugs (minor things, all softwares have), not content responsive (although it's window responsive), few effects.
I'm using Storyline in the localization process, and it is really easy to export the contents and import back the translations. I prefer the XLIFF format to the Word one - it's just more convenient.
Storyline really looks like powerpoint, but it has lots of additional LMS-oriented functions. It's easy to start using it and build on that.
It would be nice to automate some stuff, like esporting and reimporting multiple files for translation
Really good I did switch to captivate 17 when I left Storyline 2 but found that much more difficult to use, so went back to Storyline and got version 3.  Great product but perhaps because it was familiar to me as opposed to Captivate.
I use the standalone Storyline 3 having upgraded from version 2 - whilst this would come as part of 360 it proves more cost-effective to buy the product once rather than a never-ending monthly subscription just to get access to features that we can create ourselves.
That there is no spell checker within the subtitle option to videos and audio.  Have to cut and paste into another product to check sometimes.
Couldn't work without it. I use it daily. I've introduced it to several organisations I've worked for and it has allowed each to step up the quality of elearning experience provided. The review system cuts down on admin around receiving feedback  from subject matter experts. 
The learning curve on the software is very shallow. You can get p and running with it very quickly. However, the depth of advanced features means you can really make some powerful interactions and resources without being a 'coder'.
As the software is very easy to use many people  believe it will make them a great eLearning developer. It will, but that will come with experience. 
I think that articulate is one of the best tools out there... In the beginning, it is easy to use it as long as you have some experience with PowerPoint. After few days, you will start to discover new functionalities and the fun part begins. Advanced options allow you to build more interactive courses and with them almost everything is possible. 

Second part of this software is a fantastic community. Articulate created place where users can freely exchange their experience and learn from each other.
I built online training courses daily with Articulate. 
The setup of Articulate is so simple however so powerful. 

It’s easy to play around and learn the software. Once you become more experienced, things like variables, triggers, and states naturally work their way into your experience. 

Also, the online support community is amazing! 
The one con is I wish you could have a “viewable area only” view when working with slides. It would help with motion graphic and image sizing. 
It is browser based tool which makes it the most dynamic application in the market. The most striking features are the drag and drop interactivities, which makes it easy and fast to work on all your learning needs. The application is responsive and set of tools like image editing, learner navigation, video integration, compliance  with any LMS and interactive templates adds the robustness of this application. 
1) Drag and drop feature
2) Simple and intuitive style 
3) Faster development speed
4) Responsiveness
5) Compliance with all the LMS
6) Easy review cycle 

There is little scope of adding customization in rise as its the easiest of all tools whereas in storyline, you can do wonders but it takes a lot of time and effort to do that. Editable features like color and fonts are not dynamic.  One thing which I felt is missing is the integration with audio when using RISE. Overall it is a great platform for all your learning needs. 
Love using the product; it makes my life easier with development and also love the fact that I can use other products and import them to make one total course.
I LOVE the flexibility that Storyline (and all the other products) offer for course development.  The product is easy to start and then gets complex as you learn new and exciting ways to spice up your courseware.
No cons.  It IS a learning experience, but I tell my team to look at the Forums for assistance and to not be afraid to ask a question.
Since I do a lot of e-learning and all of it is on Articulate Storyline, it is a must but it has serious deficiencies and that is compounded by the fact that the customer service is utterly deceptive. If you need an e-learning tool, this is the best one even though it costs as much as it does. It is worth it. However, you need to be ready to understand a few things quickly. One thing you will learn is that they offer a discussion board and they have staff who are there to patrol and respond and help users, but it is not a help desk. When it comes to asking why something doesn't work, you will be told much of the time that it is working as designed but if it isn't quite right that you should submit a feature request and they don't do that for you as they should if they cared about the direction of the software. You should also know that there are many things about the product design that simply make no sense to anyone but the designers. They focus more on new features rather than fixing persistent problems that users continually complain about.
There is really no other software for publishing e-learning that is as easy to use and has the best non-programmer customization as Articulate Storyline. I absolutely love what you can do with it and how it can be used in many, many ways.
I absolutely hate three things about Articulate Storyline. I hate the enormous cost. I hate the way they handle their customer support and the way they deal with their own product development. If the product didn't cost as much as it does, then these other issues would not be so terrible, but because we pay so much for it, there really should be excellent customer support and excellent product development.
It has made Learning enjoyable
the adoption of a Microsoft - like Ribbon menu makes Articulate Storyline so simple to understand and use
I feel Articulate Storyline is but expensive compared to other software with the ability to do similar functions
It is easy to use
Has a broad array of functionality
Integrates seamlessly to LMS
Great e-learning scripter
I wish the training offering in our country was greater. It is really difficult to master the intricacies programme without an actual facilitator.  
Creating interactive learning: branching scenarios, drag and drop interactions, creating the feel of interacting with an environment (e.g. office in an onboarding program)
Storyline is easy to use. It enables you to make interactive learning fast. Interface that resembles Powerpoint will help new users feel welcome. 
Small/medium sized businesses that have less frequent needs for e-learning may not have the budget for an on-going subscription. I'd like it if the price point was lower. 
Easy to develop e-learning.
Content library is a terrific enhancement if you like to use a lot of images I your classes. Lots of books on how to use it.
Themes are per section versus entire project. Hard to create theme. Nothing else I can think of to tell you.
I have now been using Articulate 360 for 5 months, the is a suite of desktop and cloud based apps that provide an all in one solution for learning developers.  This package include 3 authoring tools, Articulate Studio, Articulate Storyline and Rise.

Articulate Studio 360 is the fastest way to cover powerpoint presentations into fully functioning interactive learning, this tool has a new html5 rendering engine that is industry leading and looks simply amazing.

Articulate Storyline 360 has the same new HTML5 rendering engine as Studio but also adds in new triggers, new dials, ability to preview in HTML5 but also to see how the content will look on other devices, you also have the ability to lock the orientation of the devices if you prefer landscape over portrait.

Rise is a fully responsive authoring tool that is simple and fast to use yet produces some of the best looking learning around.

As well as the authoring tools, Articulate 360 gives you access to Review a simple way of sharing and conducting SME reviews. The Content Library where you can download, characters, images, templates and so much more.

360 also has a dedicated screen recording tools such as Peek and iPad apps. As well as an unlimited education through Articulate live, there have already been new features and functions added since release and this can only get better.
Storyline 360, Rise
slow publish
