Easiest install and stand up I've ever had. Instructure does a great job communicating as well. 
The product does miss out on some basic features I'm used to, but almost every single one of them is on the plan for this year. 
They are really great, and have a modern take on learning, career development, and performance tracking. I think at least a demo from them is worth ANY company's time. 
It is simple to use, has beautiful design, and includes functional and groundbreaking features to cover the expanse of employee progression. It can be administrated by a much smaller team, and has the most amazing training tool ever created, called "Practice". 
Some of our data integration is a little messy, and required significant work-arounds to develop. Other than that, they are ideal for our business.
Course creation is really intuitive. It was easy to figure out how to create the different elements of a course and publish it. 
It seemed difficult and manual to group people. They didn't have a direct integration to BambooHR. 
This software is really simple for new hires and has a good reminder process for annual trainings.
There aren't as many quiz options as I would like for the trainings
While this platform does allow more options than Adobe Captivate Prime and is more user-friendly overall, I would not have selected this platform had I been involved in that decision due to 3 things:  version control issues within Programs, lack of truly customizable reports, and poor customer support.  The issue with customer support is so bad that multiple stakeholders have indicated they don't trust it.  What second level support says often contradicts what first level support has told us, but getting any response or escalation is next to impossible.  
Dashboard layout is fairly user-friendly.
This software lacks the ability to truly customize it, especially customized reporting (have to blend multiple reports to get all the data I need in one report).
Notifications are not customizable.
Analytics is not stable.

Easy to use software that makes helping the employee experience soar.
I have no con's for the Bridge Employee Software
How easy it was to navigate through and all of the features that Bridge had to offer. A very robust system with a very simple interface for its users and instructors. 
It did not have exactly everything that I needed for the company I work for but that is because what we needed exactly was very simple compared to what they had to offer. Great system for other businesses though. 
The ease of use for the authors and admins is a huge plus.  The users enjoy it, and it has been simple for them to learn.  They like having the information at their fingertips, and it is so easy to use that they have adopted very quickly.  The support team for implementation was great, and the continuing support team is phenomenal.  Whenever I have a problem or question, there is great documentation to reference, and if I can't find documentation for it, there is a great support team available on Chat.  They have been helpful in solving problems and in consistently following up when needed.
It’s good to look up results but other than that not impressed 
THe fact that I can go on and see what the hospital has ordered and she results on what they have. Done 
The fact when I get on line it kicks you off regularly and you have to log back on 
Bridge has been a joy to work with.  From the sales force to the implantation team everyone is very helpful, extremely knowledgeable, and dedicated to your LMS success.  They deliver a level of service I would not have expected with such a value!!
I honestly can not think of 1 complaint.  Has been a great experience and the perfect platform for our 10,000 users.
The program itself is very streamlined and is easy to navigate, making it a solid choice for LMS.
I worked with a rep from Bridge when my company asked me to research potential new LMS platforms. he was kind enough to offer a demo and take me through the features and functionality. I found Bridge to be one of the better LMS options out there, and I loved that questions could be randomized based on different variables I could include in my question creation. Very beneficial for training purposes since the test becomes less about memorizing the questions and answers and more about actually learning. We have not yet gone with Bridge, but it will be at the top of my recommendations list this coming quarter.
Customizable questions
Layout

Customer UI, ease of authoring courses and enrolling students, pricing structure, customer training and support
Large-scale user management only available via CSV as opposed to browser click/drag/sort/import/export options
Bridge keeps our trainings for internal users organized.
I feel that there could be updates to the software to allow better previewing of content/courses. 
The time it takes for an admin to create, administer, and pull reports for training is almost nothing. Great time saver and allows you to focus on more important things. 
Some of the features are still new, and occasionally, they will have a small bug. The good news is their customer support is, without a doubt, best in the industry. When a problem does arise, they handle it quickly and efficiently. 
Bridge is a great way to host online training for our company. The simple interface made sure that the users were very clear in what to do next and admins were able to oversee the training easily. 
Bridge is very easy to use, they intentionally make it intuitive so that anyone with or without experience can hit the ground running. Options to create simple training presentations from within the LMS without any additional software is helpful. User interface is very simple so it's obvious what the required courses are. 
The branding wasn't as robust as we would have liked, since some external organizations take our training. The quizzes were simple to create, but there weren't many options to make them more interactive. Although the clean interface was nice, some thought it made it feel empty and plain. 
Bridge is 100% focused on the end user's experience. On the growth potential, engagement, ease of use, etc. Not to mention they are the owners of a revolutionary teaching tool called 'Practice'. The whole suite of Learn, Perform, Practice, and Career is making a difference in the culture of training and growth at our company. 
There are some customization quirks on the design side that you can't change, and we have had a few workarounds when it comes to dynamic enrollments. 
When our group decided to produce an education program we had certain criteria which we knew would be a must for the LMS we would ultimately select.  There are an overwhelming number of possibilities and pricing is all over the map.  We settled on Bridge as it checked all the necessary boxes. Response from the staff at Bridge was quick and every question was answered to our satisfaction.  What we didn't realize initially was that support was going to be such an important part of the LMS selection.  Bridge support has been with us every step of the way.  I would highly recommend the Bridge LMS platform!   
No downside.  There are no negative issues to be concerned about.
- Phenomenal customer service with very quick response times.
- Offers autonomous user management functions by integrating with other systems, such as an HRIS.
- Saves admins and course authors tremendous amounts of time when building and publishing content.
- Provides a wide variety of modern authoring tools and quiz question types to support all learning methodologies.
- The Bridge Community website is very active and allows customers to easily reference robust documentation, collaborate with other customers, and request new features.
- The cost and value are extraordinary.
- Successful implementation with other systems may take longer than expected depending on your organization's needs.
- Bridge is fairly new and its simplicity can make advanced admin tasks difficult at times, but improvements are released very frequently.
Ease of use was critical for us and Bridge simply fit that bill better than any other LMS we looked at- and we looked at five of the biggest corporate LMS products on the market. The Instructure Team is always willing to listen to customer feedback and has made changes to address the needs of learners. 
The reporting functionality is limited at this time but that has been steadily improving over the past few months.
