Help me to adapt my workflow
Mail, a calendar, and time tracking are just a few of the integrations. Our team can adapt our workflow thanks to Hive. 
It also contains a number of tools and features that assist us in organizing and personalizing our plans and goals.
Somehow, the app is inferior than the web version.
Time monitoring is quite difficult to understand and involves a number of processes that don't make any sense to me.
Despite being non-profit, we are not permitted a discount because we are an educational institution.
My scholars love the wonderful way clear and brief their responsibility is introduced every day. The capacity to change and embed new tasks or move them around is additionally perfect.
I'm partaking in my experience with Hive up to this point, extremely productive and simple to utilize. Continuously refreshing their elements, which is amusing to find out about and carry out into my work.
Are deficient with regards to a little in Hive. There is some terrible rationale in their repetitive activities that keep us from having the option to create exact efficiency reports.
talked about finally with the advancement group - most prominently the failure to make subordinate errands inside project activities that repeat.
There are a few parts of Hive that are a piece irritating. For instance, "future" activities aren't really future activities.
Able to display multiple tasks at once and clearly see items that need action.
Notifications or follow up requests can get lost after read and can be difficult to find.
The entire Hive on boarding has been great. Our team leads and the hand holding from our Hive trainers as well. Everybody has been very helpful and really a pleasure to work with. Great team effort.
The ease of use was amazing. We have been using Base Camp and Slack and it combined those tools into one module. Very cool.
My manager and I live and die by events in our calendar. We need the capability to put a project in the calendar with notes, specific times and dates. It also would be great to push out to our microsoft exchange calendars that we can access on our phones while out in the field. We haven't be able to really use Hive in this way.
I think the best thing about Hive is they take your feedback seriously. I suggested a feature that really impacts my day-to-day use of Hive and they actually implemented it. They even reached out to me after it was pushed live to let me know that they implemented it. It was so nice to be heard and to have my feedback appreciated and implemented. 
I still have some issues with notifications. I find the differences between "My notifications" and "Activity feed" to be very confusing and arbitrarily segmented. 
Hive Active Heating is easy to use, stylish, and practical. It's simple to use and provides an excellent way to make your home smarter. And as you add more Hive products to it, it improves.
Elegant style
It is possible to expand it for room-by-room control.
Alexa, Google Assistant, and Siri integration
Zonal control can be costly.
Monitoring and insights require a subscription.
For internet access, a hub is used.
I am enjoying my time with Hive so far, very efficient and easy to use. Always updating their features, which is fun to learn about and implement into my work. Awesome product!
The ability to create actions and sub-actions for a project / event, adding due dates. Different views, news feed section, ability to change text design.
Being able to print off selections / parts exel sheets and not all together. 
I like that it integrates with tools I already use like google drive. It was also really easy to figure out and my team was able to get started right away.
It has been great to have everything in one place: team chat, task management and tracking, and project management/scheduling tools. Team is really responsive to feature requests. I think this is already a good choice compared to alternatives, and it will be easily the best choice if they continue this trajectory. 
Different views are useful for different use cases and avoid duplicating entries between collaboration and project management
Its a newer product and some of the features can a be a bit buggy from a user interface perspective. In part,  I think this is from having a quite large set of features included compared to alternative platforms. However, the team is really responsive to bug fixes and none of the bugs compromise data or use. 
Overall great product, the interface could use some changes to allow quicker access.
Hive is great for memorializing steps in project management and appropriating tasks.
Creating timelines and amending them can be difficult.
Project management and in-house (only) team communication. 
The chat function is HUGE for keeping our team connected while we are apart. We use it every day. I also love the "my actions" view because it keeps everything organized for me and I can stay on track and on time while juggling many different projects at once. Hive takes our feedback and makes improvements in a timely manner. I would recommend this product and it will just keep getting better!
I think "my actions" should automatically sort by the next due date at the top (the closest date). Instead, you have to manually adjust the order of tasks by due date, which is a little tedious. Maybe you could offer both options? Manual and auto.
I like that it has the function of a task manager, allowing me to add tasks, subtasks, and deadlines. I also like that it allows me to attach documents, comment on my task and other people's, etc. It's great for my supervisor to know what I'm currently working on, what it's coming up, and what I've already completed. It also takes away the hassle of email: if I want to send a document to my supervisor/teammates, I can just attach it to the corresponding task and everyone has instant access to it.
The mobile app isn't great, i just don't feel comfortable with the way it's laid out. Also, when you've connected your Hive to Slack, the chat feature in Hive becomes useless in my opinion, yet it still shows up (and you can't hide it) and takes quite a bit of real estate on my screen. 
Full trace ability of projects within a global environment
No need of endless email chains!, you have the ability to organize information using labels accessing information in a more productive way.
Not enough time on the software yet, so far a good tool
The user-friendliness of Hive is amazing, as it allows all team members to easily track work progress, communicate updates with other team members, and keep in touch via the alerts system, which keeps everyone motivated to complete assignments on time. Project owners of all sizes should utilize Hive because it is an effective tool for tracking projects, documenting and saving data, and it is free to use.
Hive delivers the greatest ways to boost team communication. It also saves time and effort , allowing you to focus on the work at hand. Because all team members will be helping each other, the number of meetings required to make a decision will be reduced. Hive is meant to allow users to communicate from anywhere and save all data and updates, increasing work management and direct contact between team members. Hive will offer you with all the tools you need to manage your project successfully. Hive allows us to customize how projects are presented and arranged. We could also add external users for free. For our clients to have access to our project panels, we don't need complete capability. Support is quick to respond and effectively resolve issues.
The mobile application has substantially increased cooperation and given us enough freedom to control all duties, but there are some disadvantages, and I found that it does not interact with some of the applications I used, which requires repeated data entering.
best software
this is best soft ware.
the soft ware system is very best.
the soft ware programing is very best.
and work is good
Hive offers teams a very robust functionality as compared to competitor products. The ability to have reporting, Gantt charts and stacking projects is key in our eyes.
Onboarding and adoption was a little slower than I would have preferred internally, with the common feedback being its not as easy to navigate or use as some other options on the marketing.
So easy to set up an action for your team, also for other team members. We have to keep communication to other offices abroad, so setting and assigning the task for other employees abroad makes it simple, Hive is a must need in your day to the day job role, especially if you have so many tasks to keep track of. 
Only the thing I can say to improve is the layout, this could be a little easier to read and set up. Adding more tiles and lists. 
As a Health benefits office, this program makes every  task we do easy to complete and with the utmost efficiency that the task is absolutely done or what needs to be done to complete it. 
I love how simple it is to create the task cards and customize them any way necessary.
Once something is deleted such as a comment or a picture it is permanently deleted.
-Very powerful.
-cutting edge technology.

-New technology.






































