It’s easy to get started and create a basic dashboard and report.
It’s harder to create more complex reports.  We end up talking with the EOD who shows us things not covered with training and documentation.
We collect a tremendous amount of data from over 70 institutions and publish about 400 pages of reports of those data. We have built publication and management tools, including a robust CMS using Logi.
Versatility.  The Business Intelligence tools are good, not as shiny as Tableau, but flexible, solid, and relatively easy to use. Logi shines as development platform to create a complete website or application.  We use it multiple ways including a public-facing website hosted completely in Logi and IIS, and multiple private sites for data submission, review, and management.
There are a few things I would change about the graphics. I want more options to put text labels with values to reduce reliance on legends.  There are also minor challenges with seamless detection of mobile device detection.
The product is best for its bells and whistles. Interactive dashboards, reasonable flexibility for various scripts, including CSS compatibility for design. Ad hoc product very useful for power users. Very pleasant user interface for the main product, with plenty of room for customization.
This is not easy to use without a LOT of practice. I found that more complicated SQL stored procedures did not easily import as hoped. Memory issues will occasionally happen on a limited server. The administrative controls are hard to learn at first.
Payroll, HR, A/R, Analytics, Business Intelligence, Reducing Overtime, reducing expense, etc.
I have 4 years of experience using the tool.  Used to love it when they had good support.  But, they have changed support models.  They used to help you over the phone.  Now that love is gone.   If you need a hint or tip, you will need to submit a ticket, wait 8 hours, and get a response by mail.  Normally, that response will only open up another problem, so you'll need to wait again for another email response.
I do not like their new support model.  You cannot develop fast enough to make it worth it.  You just spend your weeks, waiting in a queue for an answer to be partially answered via email. I am very frustrated with this software at the moment!
We have authored a reporting and dashboard solution composed of 350+ reports/dashboards, and deployed that solution to clients across the U.S. and Australia.  Our application is updated automatically every evening (thanks to the ease of distributing the code generated in Logi), so our clients always have the LATEST version of our solution available.  We have deployed Logi servers on-premise, in the cloud (AWS and Azure), and used it to access both SQL and REST data sources.
Tremendous flexibility and control of the "user-experience" for the solution that you develop with Logi.  Can access data from a huge variety of datasources, both traditional and emerging big data and cloud.  Visual development interface which creates underlying text-based code, which allows easy manipulation both for development as well as 'mass-change' editing.  Text-based code is small in size and easy to distribute to remote sites for a distributed solution if required. Obfuscation of the code protects your intellectual property in the case of a commercial deployment.  Developer-grade debugging capabilities greatly assist in isolating issues for quick remediation.
Logi offers a broad range of solutions, and sometimes it can be confusing to know if new features/capabilities are available for your use under your current licenses.
Ease of developing and deployment to 10000 users with fantastic ui. 
None that I can find. Every thing I learned is useful and effective. 
Logi Info makes creating reports that are easily digestible by end users quick and efficient.
PDF report output is often difficult to generate the way I want.
The UI looks really good. The different capabilities 
Performance is a big issue for us. And the cost for cpu cycles
Flexibility and power to make just about anything
Som tedious details makes devolopment cumbersome
Great experience and success with delivering enterprise wide reports/dashboards
Cohesive experience, branding and customizable
Steep Learning curve to implement the product
Great experience 
Our dashboards are able to provide vital information to our clients to make a positive impact on our rural communities. 
Need ability to have a logi element create a temp table that I can query using sql data layer for multiple panel views. 
I love it
The drag and drop functionality of elements
Not much available documentation  available on the web
I enjoy a lot the visualization of the software
I don't like the the Performance sometimes
Great product Overall
The software is very flexible and allows customizations.
Not a large user base  for people to assist with app code
overall satisfied with logi.  We have had some quality issues the past few SSRM releases where existing visuals have broke when upgrading with no work around.  This has led us to be very cautious with upgrades as it seems like every release existing visuals have been broken upon upgrade.


Excellent experience with Logi as well as their employees. The support we receive is exceptional in every way, for customer support to our account manager, Logi employees go above and beyond for their customers. 
The ability to develop quality web application in a very short period of time. 
Nothing at the moment that would make me not use the product 
Logi's approach to me as a customer has made me feel like part of the family, they are approachable and friendly at all levels. Besides having a great product, the outstanding Customer and Technical Support is one of the main reasons why we retain them.
Embeddable - Logi Studio expedites development. Most basic reports can be written in minutes and published via drag and drop in seconds.
Customer Support - Logi respond to all questions and problems I encounter in a timely manner, in fact they often go beyond what I expect and provide. These are dealt with at the Technical Account Manager level without having to open a case number.
Nothing comes to mind... Nope, still nothing!
Logi Analytics offers a suite of three products: Logi Info, Logi Composer, and Logi Report. Of these, two were from acquisitions - Logi Composer (the best of the three) was formerly ZoomData, and Logi Report was formerly JReport. Logi Analytics has now themselves been acquired and we'll see how that goes.

Fundamentally, Logi Analytics is not a bad company but the problem is it's not awesome either. There's no local support in my country (yet they sell to it ...) so calls are mostly out of hours.

Logi Info is the weakest product in the assortment, which ironically is their own product. Logi Composer is very good, though hopefully it will see increased development for things like categorising dashboards, sources, and visuals into folders, etc. rather than a single long list of all.
Logi Composer is fast to use, and really allows you to explore the data and experiment. I like how rapidly you can play and drill down. It's aesthetically pleasant.
Logi Info is an XML-based web app development tool. It's not a BI tool, it's not for BI people, and is fundamentally a product for web developers that lets them write clunky web apps with some BI widgets. However, if that's what you're going to use it for, why not use Visual Studio instead and find some useful nuget packages for visualisation? Logi Info Studio is barely visual, and most any complex thing you want to do ends up having to be a JavaScript/CSS solution.
Logi has been a great tool for the success of my company.  Logi has changed quite a bit over the 10 years I've worked with the product.  Since be purchased by a few years ago the change has not been for the better.  Stable relationships in the software industry are hard to come by, but those existed with Logi for a long time.  Now turnover seems to be high.  The quality of the product has decreased and new features have been slow.  A lot of new products have come and gone and the Logi ecosystem (Info, Self Service, Predict, etc.) is confusing as ever.

My faith in Logi is at an all-time low, but luckily the product remains solid.  For a new user, the company may be fine.  As a longtime user comparing the past to present leaves me disappointed.
The Logi Info platform allows for quick time to market.  My team can create a brand new report in a matter of days where other solutions would take weeks.  Logi Info places nicely with 3rd party frameworks and libraries.  
The investment in the Info platform seems to be declining.  There used to be new features on a regular basis, but now the product is pretty stagnant.
