I started using Business Hangouts about two months ago and have found the product to be simple and easy to use.  I can have multiple presenters, viewers don't need to download anything, and all my sessions are recorded to YouTube.  Great product.
Customer Event Pages and Emails
Moderator Controls
Records Direct ot YouTube
Part of Google Ecosystem
User Interface is a bit clunky. They said a new version is coming out soon.
I used this application to organize video conferences (online meetings) from 5 to 20 people. It was difficult =)
Apps for phones and extension for Chrome
Integration with mail
Calls
Stickers
an excellent platform for communication
possibility to make conference calls with video communication support
excellent communication quality
Integration with Google services (the presence of the 1st account makes it possible to use many applications)
It has already begun to pre-install on android (can not be deleted)
Errors after service updates
Image compression
A bunch of other minor flaws
complex interface
not so many users as in other messengers
Currently use for conducting weekly webinars to over 150 attendees.  
Higher protection app and high quality communication 
Very useful for interviewing system during this corona time
There is no option to voice call between persons
I came business problem .it help many problem 
I work quickly this option.work easy personal.i can any work
I have came network proble.want it details and qualifications 
Hangouts seems to us extremely excellent, mainly for the simplicity with which we can speak in it. We recommend it a lot because it also allows you to make and receive calls, which is a good thing. It is very easy to add google accounts to the playstore. 
Hangouts offers your team great alternatives for personalizing chat, and has an excellent videoconferencing system and threads of debate. It should be noted that the system of personalized invitations is extremely simple to use. 
It does not offer the user any type of activity and news feed that is informative, or that at least allows comments to the other members of the team. Your push notifications tool takes time to update. 
Business Hangouts is good design, quick access, nice and easy to use, the best choice without competition
Business Hangouts is an open system that needs better protection
My team and I use Google Hangouts every day. We love the seamless integration with Google Calendar, and how easy it is to control bandwidth.
I some times have issues with Hangouts using the connect audio, mic and camera connections. I can't seem to understand the logic behind why it selects the right connections one time, but not the others.
We do a lot of interviews and meetings with potential clientes, this tool give us the simplicity, platform and everything we need.
Great stability, audio and video streaming, high quality, easy to use, UX/UI are simple and awesome.
I have not found any really, after using it for over a year now, we changed from skype and it was bliss.
Business-Hangouts is a highly interactive platform for online seminars and online meetings, and I highly recommend them.

It facilitates a more effective and efficient communication. You can respond to an email through chat, which allows you to have real communication in real time and improve your productivity and that of your work group
It allows holding meetings online in all parts of the world, under the same event.
It provides online support that helps you solve any problem you may have.
It allows you to customize your videoconferences to the style that you have in your company, being a low cost tool with respect to skills, so it is very useful when you hold meetings online.
It works best when integrated into the Google Suite.
I do not see the ability to integrate with different video conferencing platforms.
You must have a very good online connection to carry out meetings in lines and videoconferences in optimal conditions.
In general it makes my life a lot easier, I can have tranquility and organization in my tasks and I can make sure everyone involved is present
hangouts is easy to use, it helps me organize my church meetings. I like it because people get free and easy access
I don't have a negative aspect, it solves my needs very well
This Business-Hangouts webinar is easy to use and value for money too..my team sits various places in off-shore on Lockdown time... it's quite difficult to host weekly meetings with group of employees, we tried couple of products before we use Business-Hangouts and fed up with their false promises and high pricess..finally we found this. It's a good product, easy to use and value for money too
Business hangouts webinar is value for money...user friendly and very handy to train new employees, where we share screen, transfer files, talk, chat..one of the best webinar with great features.
I did not find much cons and never faced any worst experience as well..still one n twice the application got stuck/slow may be I am not sure it's product prob or internet speed.
allows me to communicate effectively with clients and friends in different devices simultaneously and quickly
is a private and reliable application that can be used on different devices simultaneously, allows my communication with different people around the world during business hours without interrupting my work and performance
the emojis are not visually updated and after the application is downloaded the phone joins the text messages and does not let you use it separately
I really thought that it was very easy to use and it provide a much better option of video conferences than most of the other video platform. Through the Business Hangouts software, scheduling the audio and video calls is very easy. Our conversation chat through the audio and video conferences and screen sharing all good by the Business Hangouts software. 
The best thing of the Business Hangouts is that we can easily  schedules our calls and meeting and in this why the support lines of our calling is very helpful for us. The outstanding features of the business hangouts makes this software powerhouse such as file sharing, polling, screen, video sharing and the ability to record.  This software let me organize a video conference meeting with everyone at anytime. This software is an efficient software for the audio and video conferencing which allowing me to communicate with our friends, colleagues and team members. Hence, it is a best way for collaboration. 
Mostly the business hangouts works properly but sometimes it created some issues such as it is not as easy to get sound working and get things setup. The quality of video conference is not as best as should. Sometimes the new users have to face difficulty when it is loading due to which I have to sign in again and then our precious time will be waste but it is not all time issue. When we sharing our screen, the video conference quality will be automatically decreased. But still it is an excellent platform for meeting collaboration. 
Fast in message delivery, very efficient
Very slow in loading pictures or videos.
From my point of view, it facilitates and organizes tasks
how is inside the google package, it is easy to access.  offers several features that other software offers without downloading any other application and it does not consume so much data
I have a short list of contacts because few users use this application, they prefer others to communicate
my experience with this application is rewarding because it allows me to be in contact with all the people who are in my gmail contacts and who use this tool, whether they are inside or outside the country, they live a better experience making the videos calls
The most I like is that it is possible to make video calls of up to 10 people at the same time. Compared to other companies, this is incomparable.
    It is possible to use Hangouts on computers, in addition to cell phones. But for example WhatsApp does not allow you to connect from a computer.
    It is possible to share your current location.
    It has a series of emoticons and GIF animations to share with your friends.
    It is possible to send voice messages, as compared to Telegram, for example.
    Like the instant messaging services that are safe, conversations are stored in the cloud, ie the Internet, and we can access them if we lose our cell phone, or if we lose our mobile data.

The most I like is that it is possible to make video calls of up to 10 people at the same time. Compared to other companies, this is incomparable.
    It is possible to use Hangouts on computers, in addition to cell phones. But for example WhatsApp does not allow you to connect from a computer.
    It is possible to share your current location.
    It has a series of emoticons and GIF animations to share with your friends.
    It is possible to send voice messages, as compared to Telegram, for example.
    Like the instant messaging services that are safe, conversations are stored in the cloud, ie the Internet, and we can access them if we lose our cell phone, or if we lose our mobile data.

