Awesome
Ease of use. Feature rich. One software fits it all
The fact that we can't enable chat in automated webinars
- intuitive handling of easywebinar
- even for absolute beginners no problem to use
- can manage my webinars alone without the help of the support team (as it is with Stealthseminar for example)
Always have to remember to save my changes. No automatic saving of changes included.
We did not have an automated way to get our message faster  then we were previous to EasyWebinar. After implementing we were able to generate interest with prospective customers and build a pipeline within a week of running ads for our event.
The average person can set up a marketing channel to get their product and/or service out to their prospect.  You can also create custom websites for those who want to expand their marketing. Good ROI for me situation.
Just need to know a bit of html to customize.
In general, we have been happy, but feel our business would be far more successful with the Safari and fully-functional mobile options. 
This software has been easy to use and was relatively easy to set up and we've been very grateful for the great support. The data collected has been very useful for our business. 
Because so many people want to view things on their mobile devices, having a poorly functioning mobile app option is very unfortunate and repels many potential clients. Not being compatible with Safari is also a huge issue. Too many caveats for using this software. 
This software helped me out when I needed the services. I feel it was good enough quality to meet my needs.
It was a bit tricky for me to figure it out at first. Once I learned it, it was not so bag. There are still others I would go to first. 
The chat feature makes everything super easy!
Sometimes there is a bug with the sound and browser. Chat lagged by 25 min on live webinar
Pros:
- Easy to turn a webinar evergreen
- Can show your camera and slides at the same time
- Fantastic customer service!!
- I like that the replay page has a chat box so that people can still ask questions and they come to me by email. 
- Can't see open rates on emails without buying another software. This was a deal breaker.
- Have to pay even more for a date merge field if I link EW with my own email provider. This made it very difficult to send out emails on time for the live webinar and the evergreen webinar just gets the email right away, even if they signed up for a class starting 15 minutes from now. 
- The in house email templates were very difficult to edit.
- Would love to see more options for landing pages, though the ones they have are good. 
- Would like to see more detailed reporting and stats. If I run a webinar live for three days, I can't easily see how many registrants and attendees for each time slot. 
Complete Fraud stay away form them..I had a worst experience using their products
Taken my 2 month payment with in a min.. without my authorization , now refusing to return back..My financial condition very bad because of them..Guys please stay away from them..complete fraud
I love that there are lots of options for customizing how the webinar is run. It was really easy to set up and duplicate.
It could be prettier for user experience.
The base tool is intuitive. You never need to go deeper. The 30 Day training modules in bit size chunks provided a through understanding of all features and functionality. For those who want a more customized look and feel, all you need is some HTML and CSS. 
Need to eliminate Google Plus share option. DOA for a while now. Corpse is cold at this point.
They are supportive, educate and help you! 
I liked that easy webinar had all the pages you need to take your customer through the sales funnel 
The amount of time designing each page for the webinar 
We really like the stats offered by EasyWebinar - It gives us metrics of attendee engagement during the webinar and this is good feedback for us in order to learn how to improve our content delivery so we can be more engaging. 
EasyWebinar allows creation of automated webinars which allow me the benefits of a live webinar without having to be physically present. I record a webinar in my office without the fear of messing up live and then can schedule it at a future date and time. The best part is, it can be set to match an attendee's timezone. My attendees get the same experience as a live-stream webinar. EasyWebinar has integrations with MailChimp and Zapier that allow us to port registered attendees into our mailing list and CRM. 
The software does have some glitches - We tried the YouTube live feature but got multiple complaints from our attendees about lags in the audio from the video feed and this put us off a bit. 
email option, real time sharing, user friendly, Annotation feature ,  Built in community , Presentation choices,  Tabs feature 
No internal payment option, which makes it difficult to use GoToWebinar for paid or subscription-based presentations, Requires the use of Java
the support team is very effective and they respond quickly to your questions or fix any small bugs with the support of the developer team. doing webinars is difficult at first, but thanks to useful tips and suggestions everything becomes easier
1. I don't like automatic translations so I suggest improving this aspect for non-English users
2. I suggest to better review the landing page templates and their functions, especially the usability from smartphones
EasyWebinar has an awesome suite if features that make managing proceedings  very simple.

It was definitely designed to be user friendly and finding exactly what I'm looking for is never an issue.

The software gives excellent control to the host and also helps participants to have a good experience.
There haven't been any issues with the software.
My overall knowloedge nothing level, I use only free trial version, the best speaking software, easy of use and downloaded product, creating meeting group
This software many people didn't know and need adverstiment this product. Everything uses this software and really comfortable
Very easy to get up and running and support is usually only 5 - 10 minutes away from a typed conversation with a real person with great ideas to help.
Easy to use and the support is always there for you and very quick to answer with options that actually work.
Nothing yet. We are still setting up our first webinar which is always the hardest as you are learning as you go but it seems to be very easy.
Medium
evergreen options and social media live options with youtube incorporated.
Too many going out to do things. Not email solution not social media easy solution. Live is friendly but not as others in the market. 
I believe they are working hard to update things and keep making it better and better. I used it several years ago and didn't find it very user friendly, especially for beginners. But maybe it's a lot better now! 
At the time of me using it, they didn't have the capability to run automated webinars. I believe now they do have that feature and many others. Which is great, they keep improving! 
Reps team have brought me from a non-techie at the start and taught me what I need to know using the EasyWebinar platform to market my brand and my health and medical consulting business.  They have removed the tech barrier for many like myself and have shown me a clear path to help engage more clients.
Ease of Use and Customer Support are Fantastic!
Don't have any negatives really.  Only one request I'd like them to offer more customized templates as an added feature
