Bitrix24 gives you a unified platform for your files, projects, messages, tasks, and contacts. You can immediately use the platform by simply registering for an account and then inviting your colleague
Bitrix24 is a free collaborative tool available for up to 12 users.

Both iOS and Android apps are also free.

In paid plans, you do not have to pay for a separate user but for additional disk space and some optional features.

Bitrix24 offers virtual telephone calling.

It is equipped with comprehensive functions for intranet services.
Data Management
 Data Import
 Data Import/ Export
 Document Management
 Document Storage
 Employee Database
 Secure Data Storage
 Tagging
Integrations
 Accounting Integration
 API
 Email Integration
 Mobile Integration
 Payroll Integration
 QuickBooks Integration
 Third Party Integration
 Time Clock Integration
Interaction Features & UX
 Automatic Notifications
 Commenting
 Communication Management
 Drag & Drop Interface
 Email Notifications
 Employee Portal
 Employee Self-Service
 Reminders
 Search Functionality
 Self-Service Portal
Bitrix24 is a very good software i had been through a free version of it and i am impressed and it's free version is enough for a small businesses.

The least thing is that it is not that easy to use you have to take help of a expert to learn it  in the begining.
I liked the fact that Bitrix24 is designed to work with large teams. The interface has a bunch of modules for integration with social networks, instant messengers and other applications. There are even tools for creating a chat bot.
Dealing with Bitrix24 without prompts is not possible. I kind of understand how a function works, but the platform throws an error. In order to work properly, we would have to hire a Bitrix24 consultant to the team. Easier to find another platform.
As our AAA moves into expanding our line of business, we felt we needed a CRM to track interactions, outreach and potential sales of our emerging products and services.  
The free trial was easy to establish and required little training for implementation.  It allowed a small business to have adequate staff and new clients input to move forward on most products and services.  On-boarding new users took much more of an investment, and we did not have the volume of clients that made using such a robust CRM a good use of staff time.    
It was our lack of volume, not the product's capacity or functionality that put this on hold for our team.  
Bitrix24 offers valuable CRM features that you can select and use for your company and your sector.
Incredible highlights as a CRM program and phone framework. The reports that can be pulled are accommodating to analyze the victory of your sales/program.
Extremely missing as a CRM, announcing is loathsome, customizations are so essential, and client back is the most noticeably awful I have ever seen. Indeed with the premium versions.
The Problems we are settling is our Project the board and correspondence issues. Yet, with everything taken into account Bitrix is taking care of its work for our organization
What I like when utilizing Bitrix is that there are various types of how to deal with a venture. The client the executives is likewise a major in addition to us in our organization as we are partitioned into independent divisions that has every one of its own workgroups. For each errand you can designate, track, have cutoff times and fuse it to your functioning arrangement when you time in to their underlying working day include. 

Client Dashboard 

Having your own profile and can transfer records unto your drive is an immense assistance to us as we would require a distributed storage and across the board to keep our work streaming. 

Group Collaborations 

Additionally, the capacity to have a visit in a CRM which has call/video empowered truly assisted our group with working and convey better as we are generally working distantly. You can utilize the searchbar when utilizing the visit which I think helps when you failed to remember a few things when to conversing with a colleague.
What I don't care for is the point at which I am remarking to an assignment you can't utilize your standard tab keys to embed a few spaces. I realize it's a matter of inclination yet when you are utilizing the projectile alternatives of their rich content manager you can't utilize internal slugs see reference model [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] which is discover irritating as we use it regularly. What we do is we make a different google docs that way we can indent into the list items.
I highly recommend it for efficient project management. creation and delegation of tasks as well as tracking of the progress has really been made easy with this tool
It has all the most important features to manage project efficiently from idea stage to completion stage. For instance;
It provides complete and detailed overview of existing and completed tasks.

Planning and scheduling of invites and meetings

Robust File and data sharing capabilities

Excellent management of multiple work groups and their allotted tasks
You might need to take you time to study, practice and understand how to use some of the features.
Reasonably good. I use this for the CRM function, and it does the job however can be clunky and hard to navigate at times.
I like that it is a basic CRM with the ability to track meetings linked to individual profiles.
I think there are a number of changes that could be made:
1. The ability to have a meeting logged with more than one employee, as right now it only allows for one
2. The ability to have a meeting logged with more than one contact or company, as right now it only allows for one.
3. Better visualization of data within the software
4. Make it easier and quicker to track meetings
I love all in one approach. It does not stop you in any way, use its free or paid plan. All you are restricted to is per user basic, with 12 free user limit its good for new startup or freelancer. I would highly recomendade to use it.
I was using lots of services before using this for my freelancer work. This is all in one place to manage my company and time in one place. Free package support upto 12 user which is grate for small company. I use CRM, report, messages, tasks , taks reporting , time management and work flow. bitrix has so many features that using/experimenting all will definately make my work more easy.
Sometime it is too much visual and get comfused what to do with it. The ui is populated with so much data that I dont need them. Ui lags and gives "No connection" error after sometime or middle of an asignment.
*You can create polls on the fly and gather opinions of team members.
*Allows you to record and share videos.
*You can create tasks from chat messages.
*It's a bit slow at times.
*New users need to undergo proper training to use it.
*No customer support over phone.
It has project management.
It has call management.
It allows for creating custom fields (but not key values).
It has an option to self-host.
Their cloud server is slow, enough so that worker productivity suffers.
Their customer service is poor.
The user interface is ugly.
The learning curve is steep with poor documentation.
Their self-hosting option is very expensive.
You must connect to access the CRM; i.e., there's no offline access, no ability to lock and batch process.
The software helped to organize a gigantic list of leads that, otherwise, would have been laborious and time consuming. So, it saved time and saved energy and provided organization. It also facilitated with other tasks such as scheduled emails, recording phone calls and communication between team members.
You can take advantage of this software without paying for anything. When you do find the need for something that costs money, it won't break the bank. The software integrates with a lot of other things like Twilio for SIP phone connections, gmail, dropbox, mailchimp and a lot more.
The platform is not very intuitive. There is a client for Windows, however certain data are not accessible from the client alone.
Created [feature], which resulted in

percentage improvement]. Built/designed

[project] using [skills/technologies].
Created [feature], which resulted in

percentage improvement]. Built/designed

[project] using [skills/technologies].
Created [feature], which resulted in

percentage improvement]. Built/designed

[project] using [skills/technologies].
Ótima , usei ja por um tempo , estou cogitando estar retornando a plataforma para meu ramo de trabalho
Facilidade no uso para o ramo imobiliário , software bem completo 
Devido ser um software gratuito algumas funcionalidades travam 
Via chats and video conversations, collaboration inside our company has been at its best.
I haven't yet found any bugs in this software for team collaboration.
With more and more trading platforms, Bitrix24 has become one of the most popular trading platforms.
And what helped that it became available to everyone, as well as the wonderful and attractive design, and the display of content in a tidy form helps everyone to work in it freely.
The method of withdrawing funds and depositing them is very easy and without any complications.
Generally with all the enhancements, the platform is gaining in and trusting customers

One of the advantages of this CMS is the possibility of free use. The interface is complex. It takes time to solve it. The program has a great set of functions, there are many to choose from. The sites created are well indexed by the search engines 
It can be improved by the organization if they can have an optional full demonstration for all clients.    
"We pick Bitrix for our compnay's CRM arrangement however I observed that there are a lot more elements which are helpful as far as we're concerned. I love the way we can oversee leads from various sources on same stage."
"So after lead validation, the mail is sent after that follow-up begins then its success or failure. Everyday sales team have to work on this process but sad to say No reporting structure at all."
I've tried a number of project management/collaboration tools including Asana, Basecamp, Wrike, Wunderlist, Zoho, Salesforce, etc. I can't speak to the customer support of Bitrix, as I haven't contacted them. So far, the system has been fairly reliable. The desktop Windows client is somewhat limited compared to the web version, but for most offices, I can't imagine this is a big deal. I really haven't used the CRM or telephony options, so I can't comment on them
 The working interface in Bitrix24 is smooth and overall navigation into the app is a charm. On the left, of your app screen can find your workspace, from where you can create tasks. Also, the CRM section can be accessed from the side navigation bar which includes Leads, Invoices, Reports, Events, Contacts, and so on. I can import my leads(CSV file) into the application or just manually type it into the application. The application is simply great when it comes to managing leads and dealing with the product sales cycle
Even though I appreciate everything there one page ready for me to use, the sheer amount of choices can be a bit daunting. Luckily, the lefthand nav can be configured so you can hide stuff you don't need. The design looks to my eyes about 5 years out of style so the UI could use an upgrade, for sure. I'm not sure design is this company's strong point. For instance, the default desktop image makes the menu items hard to read. These seems like quibbles though, don't they. My team ultimately decided on another collaborative space because our needs were half-editorial and Bitrix24 can't really help you there
We used Bitrix24 1.5 years. The service is well suited for managing business processes and tasks, and you can also store documents and photos on its server. But the minuses still overshadowed the pros, and we switched to another service.
Technical support works only from 9 to 18 and only on weekdays. If something breaks on a non-working day, and your company works seven days a week, you will have to wait until Monday. That is why we stopped using Bitrix24 - something breaks often, and we have to wait a long time for help.
