The software offers a lot of features.The CMDB is a nice feature. Asset tracking is also great along with Problem and incident ticketing.
Took a while to program. Some programming took longer than expected.
I would rather slam my hand in a door than use this software.
Nothing.  It is the worst I've ever used in my 20+ years in IT.  I'm also familiar w/ Remedy and ServiceNow.
It is overly confusing and a huge time waster.  You can't look at it and figure out what you need to do like any other software platform.  Every single time I try to do anything my tickets end up getting incorrectly assigned or routed.  No one seems to understand the logic of their workflow.  Everyone I've ever talked to at my company hates this product.
Change Management System works very well and complies with all our needs. Reporting and filtering design is unique and very customizable.
CMDB functionality is lacking somewhat. You can manage who sees certain assets, but you cannot manage who sees specific fields in an asset.
Our experience has not been positive, so far, but that is largely due to the combination of challenges presented by our non-typical environment and a lack of time/effort to make ChangeGear work.  We haven't completely given up yet, because we see the potential.
ChangeGear provides Flexibility and Configurability in a package with a clear ITIL orientation.  It seems to be a good value, considering the balance of sophistication and cost.
It is very challenging to implement in a non-Active Directory environment; although it can, in theory, work in a non-AD infrastructure, it is far from easy to make it work.  The agent-less computer scanning is a nice feature in theory, but it can also be hard to use.
Overall: Overall, we are extremely pleased with the software. The support staff and professional services are always on top of their game. When there is a problem, follow-up is quick and resolution comes shortly afterwards. Highly professional across the board. If you meet them at a conference, they are pleasant to work with on your issues and always open to suggestions. 
There is plenty out-of-the-box forms that follow ITIL standards which made it helpful for our organization to jump start into it. The simple end-user front-end, the Self Service Portal, makes users feel comfortable with entering requests without the need to look over complicated. We have had no complaints from our end users about the product. It is very "easy on the eyes" with a clear and precise web interface for our service desk technicians. The knowledge base along with the smart technology makes it easy for technicians to find resolutions much quicker than in the past.

Customization can be a challenge. Creating forms is rather clumsy and if you make a mistake, it takes some time to correct it. Updating from one version to another is also challenging since it is an update in place and not a migration. There is a roadmap where this will be updated in a future release of ChangeGear.
I like the functionality. We used it for helpdesk and change management, worked great in both scenarios.  
Not so sure about the ability to customize, if you have a need for it should look into it, nothing else that was a con in my opinion.
Automation of a lot of routine task right out off the box. a better data tracking and reporting. 
Everything: It's complete solution that can expand and grow with your organization. It starts with the basic solution and can evolve to enterprise level all in one system ( which way to much for our organization) We got the base held desk solution and I found the feature list is way beyond what we need.
Certain customizations you need to know what you're doing or you can do some damage.  To hide some of the default forms I wasn't able to do it myself and needed assistance. as well as few other little mods required direct manipulation in XML files so you need someone who know where it is.
There are many prebuilt workflows which follows ITIL standards which gives the customer a base to design according to their business needs.
The overall appearance of ChangeGear forms are dated.  Would be nice if 
We have been using it as our main ticketing system for Incidents and Service Requests and also using it for our Change Management tool. This has helped us streamline our business processes around ticketing system

Ease of configuration and flexibility of the product. New features that are added recently such as Task Spawning, Multiple Workflows, Intelli Search etc.
IIS needs resetting after changes made to forms and fields. May be they can do something that it would not require user to reset it.
Change gear, although wasn't the prettiest, was essential to what our company required. Easy to use, appealing interface, fast. ChangeGear was loved by all because of it's functionality. I would say it was my favourite service management application.
Great functionality and ease of use.
Simple to learn, simple to master
Perfect for our environment
Reminders for outstanding tickets
Could be confusing for new users.
Not the best support
Change Gear is great if you are only using it internally.  Despite what their sales team would tell you, it requires extensive modification to even handle anything more than a few email addresses.  Attachment handling and things as simple as email CC'ing are not available available out of the gate.  The included modules are not very adaptable, inevitably requiring the customer to bend to suit its forms instead of bending its forms to suit the customer.  The technical/implementation team is very knowledgeable, when you can get in touch with them.  Trying to get them on the phone is more like "leave a message and maybe we'll get back to you."  Bottom line, users will be very pleased with this product as long as they a) don't need it for any other department than IT, and b) don't need it to be externally facing.
SunView's Professional Services team helped us configure ChangeGear Service Desk to meet our needs.  We have implemented several modules including Incident, Knowledge Base, Service Request, and Self-Service Portal.  ChangeGear has been well received by our end users and IT Techs.  
Our overall experience with the software is great.  The vendor is a valued business partner and is always making improvements and asking how they can be better.
The self service portal for our customers is very well received.  
The version that we are currently on makes it difficult for Service Desk staff to know what is in their workload, but the next version of the software is changing this.
Ease of use by end users through an easy UI and email notification system.
Difficulty in applying updates and upgrade to the system without running into issues that require Sunview support.
Software itself was ok, we need tweeks and the company promise to make and never delivered, but they kept taking our money and consume hours, but never delivered.
It was simple and basic, handle basic functions well
Reporting was horrible, any customization was impossible, the support from the company was horrific, slow to respond, promised everything, never delivered even when we offered to pay for things.
Overall our experience has been good when dealing with the entire team. 

The only issue we have come across is in regards to an emergency issue we had when placing  a new module into production. We experienced failures in multiple areas internally to the company and with the ChangeGear update and backup which caused downtime.  So making sure you have reliable processes/procedures and have tested the backup process would be helpful.
Overall Comment:“We went live on 11-1-17 and decided to launch the product in phases. At this time we have launched Incident, limited Service Request and the Change Module. Overall the tool is as advertised very flexible and customizable. 

In 2018 we continued to review our workflows and processes which we then loaded into ChangeGear. Additionally we began testing the API process and brought up a new module called Project. The way the system is layed out you can grow and add onto the product as you need module by module. 
Since the software is so customizable when we have an issue it can be confusing to fix an issue when is arises. Also there doesn't seem to be a team of seasoned staff members who can jump in after a designated amount of time with no results for emergency issue resolution. 
Very impressive looking user interface.  From the ITSM standpoint, all expected functionality is present. 
The biggest struggle was the implementation and the post sales support.  It seemed that the folks doing the implementation weren't as experienced as i would have expected.  The technical support is sub-par.  Software is buggy.
SunView listens! As our business finds different ways to utilize the software internally, the staff at SunView are very responsive and always come through.
The software has extreme flexibility to meet the needs of most businesses.  In addition to "best practices from ITIL" out of the box, you can customize almost the entire process to meet your needs. 
Since the software has gone through several upgrades over the years, some of the backend configurations do not match (e.g. different variables).  This makes customizing a little more tricky. That said...not much of a complaint and the next major version is supposed to address this.
We purchased this software to better understand customer demand and to better document our internal change process.  The software meet this goal, easily.  Now we're using it so that customers can perform self-help and agents can document and learn solutions to standard problems.
The ChangeGear software is feature-rich with all the modules necessary to create an ITIL based service management process.  Easy to configure ticket workflow with notifications.  Customizable data entry screens.  Customizable (everything in this system can be customized from the interface to the database) reports and dashboards. 
The software interface is somewhat dated and hierarchical.
All of IT work is in the same area from Project Management to daily incidents and service requests.
The Self Service Portal for the customers is great.  Our customers are enjoying the ease of use.  The creation of a ticket by email helps our customers that are out in the field daily.
Since we are still learning how to use the software in a production environment, we seem to be having issues with learning which screen is the best to use for seeing all work.
