Great price, easy to get going and set things up.  Customer support is hit or miss but usually pretty good when you get them.
Customer support could be better.  Their overall product is lacking in many typical features.  Quality control seems lacking.
Above Average  :)
Pros: Accelo is good for tracking the time duration, analyzing the needs and creating the quotes. I would also suggest a great project growth tracker.
Cons: There are some project management features which are required. The project plan dashboard can be improved further. plus, changing a project after it has started [to trackback] has caused some troubles for us. Please do check it there. 
Simple interface, inbox, and message choices to keep all correspondence together.
Accelo is a stage that is liable for improving client support processes, as it has capacities that bind together cooperation inside the organization as well as is answerable for keeping a programmed following of documents, notes and messages from clients through custom fields in this manner accomplishing a total administration beginning to end because of its various mixes with different stages, mostly keeping up with consumer loyalty
The new UI is setting aside effort to become accustomed to in certain spaces particularly around projects however it is certainly cleaner than previously.
Complete and efficient tool, but an expensive one. It has everything a software needs to administrate projects. 
Accelo is a very complete software. When you need to administrate a lot of projects at the same time you need a software like accelo. It has many tools to use like Gantt chart, amazing reporting, it allows you to divide in categories which make the organization perfect, and the time control is also very precise.
We could not afford it... Licenses are very expensive and we needed it for many people in the company. It was a shame that we can not use it because of the cost.
Overall positive, helped keep us very productive, will continue to use it happily
- Good for keeping us on task
- Efficient, easy
- Timers are really effective and intuitive
- I find it difficult relocating tasks
- So many screens; I feel like the task screens, my schedule are basically the same things repackaged
I have realized this is an efficient, online platform for tracking hours. 
I use Accelo daily. It is an easy platform to log into, track your hours, stay on top of your team, and learn your work patterns. I really enjoy the timer feature that allows me to go about my day while still tracking the time I am working for a specific client.
I haven't had any discrepancies with this platform yet.  
Support team and onboarding experience is fantastic.
Centralizes client retainers and billing into simple views that are easy to manage. Ability to view retainers/projects/sales verticals at a high-level while easily able to drill into specific client views is awesome.
The ticketing system is not the greatest. It is VERY easy for tickets to get lost in the shuffle for users who manage a mix of ticket and task items.
Accelo was used to manage resources and track project schedules to maximize efficiency.
The software offers a lot of ability to work with other software and provides a comprehensive solution to managing resources in a design office.
The costs for the software were higher when compared to other similar programs. While I feel Accelo offers more functionality, it is difficult to justify the added costs when compared to similar programs (Easy Projects for example)
I like the combination of power and usability best. But I dislike the fact that tasks can't have individual unique ID numbers.
My experience with Accelo is good. I have been using this software for a few years now and it is one of the only software I am familiar with that meets all my expectations.

With Accelo, I was able to put multiple business functions on a single platform, and there was little automation before having to use multiple products to accomplish the same thing. I have become more automated and efficient now. The results for me and I are immediate. Once the crisis (COVID) is over, I will use the software to grow my business with more confidence.

About me I find that Accelo is a clear, complete and easy to understand software, which proposes several categories. I do not find any disadvantage.

What do you like best?
The platform has a number of serviceable solutions that integrate well with each other, and with Google Apps / Gmail. The onboarding options are helpful and support staff are very friendly.
The Retainer tool does a decent job of managing recurring tasks and commitments once you figure out how to use it.
What do you dislike?
Unorthodox vocabulary, modules operate differently from class leaders, so the learning curve is significant and that can impair adoption across a team.
None of the modules can reasonably be called best-of-breed - but most are still useful.
- The Ticket system is a far cry from Zendesk, but still good enough.
- The quote feature doesn't stack up to Quote Roller, so we still use QR for sales proposals. Accelo used to support integration with Quote Roller, but no longer does.
- We tried to get by with their Project Management tool, but everyone gave up. Now we use JIRA for major projects.
- We have multiple businesses operating in different currencies, so we reply on Xero for accounting, and Freshbooks for invoicing.
What business problems are you solving? What benefits have you realized?
We switched to Accelo (then AffiniityLive) in 2014. We acquired another company that was using a different CRM and had to choose: Move their stuff to our CRM, our stuff to their CRM, or everything to a new CRM. Given the number of tools included Accelo won the day. We have benefited from significant cost savings.
For which purposes do you use Accelo?
Project Management

Professional Service Automation

CRM
The platform has a number of serviceable solutions that integrate well with each other, and with Google Apps / Gmail. The onboarding options are helpful and support staff are very friendly.
The Retainer tool does a decent job of managing recurring tasks and commitments once you figure out how to use it.
Unorthodox vocabulary, modules operate differently from class leaders, so the learning curve is significant and that can impair adoption across a team.
None of the modules can reasonably be called best-of-breed - but most are still useful.
- The Ticket system is a far cry from Zendesk, but still good enough.
- The quote feature doesn't stack up to Quote Roller, so we still use QR for sales proposals. Accelo used to support integration with Quote Roller, but no longer does.
- We tried to get by with their Project Management tool, but everyone gave up. Now we use JIRA for major projects.
- We have multiple businesses operating in different currencies, so we reply on Xero for accounting, and Freshbooks for invoicing.
Very robust. Perfect for an MSP to run everything from Ticketing, time, billing, projects, etc
Initial setup and configuration is a bit cumbersome. We had to get support from the company several times.
As a project manager, it is hard to find software that can be used on many platforms and does not cost a lot of money. I think Accelo is the perfect solution.
There is some better software out there, with better features but cost-wise, Accelo is a much more wise choice. 
The best part about Accelo is the across the board integration. We always struggled with a) getting everyone on the same page and b) having info in far too many places. Getting everything in one system has been huge.
The reporting is probably the weakest point right now, for us at least. There is basic dashboard reporting (and VERY good excel exports) but its not customizable very much at all.
Overall, Accelo makes our daily lives as designers much simpler. We are still learning something new and helpful within the software every day and their customer support is VERY on top of questions and concerns.
Integration with Gmail makes creating tasks from emails very easy. The ability to create projects by client makes keeping tasks organized and logging time a breeze.
Accelo can definitely seem intimidating at first as there are a ton of menus that can take time to familiarize yourself with.
I have been very pleased with Accelo overall with the timely fashion of bug fixes, new developments and the amount of options they provide.  Look forward to continuing to work with them.
I love how Accelo ties into my every day work load by bringing my gmail, calendar and tasks into Accelo and let me track things from one location.  I can track so much more in Accelo then I ever could in our past MSP solution ticket system.  Love the support and bug fixing timeline.
Biggest issue is we are not able to track passwords in this systems.  Being an MSP solution we have thousands of assets and many per company.  We would like to see a system in place for that.  More asset options to track per asset and tie into tickets.
Great to create projects, managed services agreements, invoicing, cost models, quotations.  Great overall product.
I wanted a great PSA, one that I could stand up quickly and get to work without hours and hours of churn.  This fit the bill great.  It integrates well with QuickBooks, my RMM, and email platforms.  And it is reasonably priced.
It still feels young in its product lifecycle.  The integrations, while solid, have the opportunity for greater and greater automation.  Looking forward to the progression of the product.
Business clarity on tasks and requirements and deadlines are definitely my favourite. I love the platform a lot, but as a small business (1st  year of operation), it's by far my biggest expense after rent (and not much between the two figures). Perhaps my set up isn't correct with user admins, but the #1 priority is for timesheets, and for that, everyone seems to need the most expensive option. Honestly, I'm at a point where I have to review other platforms because of the cost, but I really don't want to because I do honestly believe in what Accelo can do and if using all the right features, I know will be integral for the business to grow.
I love that I don't have to teach my team to use Accelo, they get their login and they are away. 

The scheduling tool appears really powerful to streamline the use of studio production. 

Love the task management and budget flow, it really is the most comprehensive platform I've used and I've tried quite a few before investing in Accelo.
The charge per user, when some of my users are just timesheeting and not much else. For a monthly cost, it can build quite quickly with part timers and freelancers involved in the business. 

I find the PDF of templates a bit clunky, whilst they can look great on the screen, they don't always PDF accurately. 

Biggest bug bear is the inflexibility with proposals to show a weekly cost, one off cost, monthly cost or annual cost. It seems to calculate and bundle as one. This would be a good game changer to have these options sorted out. 
