Google data studio helping me to present reports in better way and also help me to check and compare information in very unique ways. And helps us to connect the dots between the clients and between the team members.
It's by GOOGLE and for PEOPLE (FREE). 
It is very easy to visualize important data within the team or from the client and represent overall data in best analytical way.
Data blending is very easy to turn the important data into the meaningful information.
Honestly, I have not come across anything that I dislike about THE GOOGLE DATASTUDIO but it is not very easy to make a connection between non-google product and google data studio.
It's an option to make simple and not very heavy reports works really good with plane data, and for 100 or less users, have great forms and kips
for be free don’t  have great support, the reports with calculations  will be very slowly, its is for academics uses, its great, for companies need better programs
We began using Data Studio when we needed a quick solution to present a relatively simple dataset. Data Studio met these needs and went beyond.
Well, to start with, it's free, which is always a great starting point. However, plenty of things can be free but not provide value. Data Studio definitely does. It allows for fast presentation of datasets and has a lower learning curve than alternatives like Tableau or Power BI.
While Data Studio is easier to use than competitors (as mentioned above), part of the reason behind this is that it packs less functionality to have to learn. So, there are fewer ways of visualizing and manipulating data (and the ways you do this is less robust). It is definitely better for smaller datasets.
it keeps my data saved all the time and thats what i like about it
it keeps my pictures saved and data that means the world to me
sdfs
dfssdfssssssssssssssddfv 
dsdsf
sdgsdf
sffsdf
sdfssdf

sdfsdfsdf

sfsdff
sfsdfsdf
sfsdfdsf
Getting 
I love Google something about me know what 
One thie about Google i dont have sisi on google 
Everything is definitely good because it belongs to this good company as a whole. I hope you continue with your work that you are the best

Everything is definitely good because it belongs to this good company as a whole. I hope you continue with your work that you are the best

Everything is definitely good because it belongs to this good company as a whole. I hope you continue with your work that you are the best

It is a good tool for light and simply reports or dashboards. Small customization feature.
Great tool for dashboard and reporting creation. It helps also with data visualization.
The platform lacks advanced features and it's not as easy as I liked to integrate sources
the best
for Data studio i liked everything and easy to use
to be honest everything went perfect and didnt have any trouble
Very smooth integration with google apps and data.
Best because we have google suits integration.
Worth the cost.
Alternatives Considered
Tableau Desktop, Microsoft Power BI and Zoho Analytics
Easy availability and accessible with Google suits. Sharing is smooth.
Visualization design of dashboards.
Integration with data sources
Smooth access of BigQuery
Creating aggregate function can be more smooth.
Data banding can be improve.
3rd party integration of other data sources can be smooth and reliable.
This software customize reports to match up with our brand
This software report delivery automation is absent
Very useful to create multiple views cost data... Work as expert! 
Totally depended and accurate
Some times it's show it no views 
Very useful application, for what it is proposed. And its price is quite good for what it provides.
What I like most about this program is its ease of use, as well as its speed of access and usefulness.
Some complications with the fill fields but from there it does not get complicated.
Compared to other BI tools, Data Studio has a very strong fit for the Google set of tools, but not as a broader BI solution. For more traditional database-driven data sources and the ability to combine data from multiple sources into metrics that help drive your business, Google Data Studio is not the right choice.

One of the biggest differentiators between Yurbi and Google Data Studio, is Yurbi is on-premise and therefore, you can keep all your data behind your firewall. If you do not want it to be in the cloud, and you have direct access to your databases, Yurbi allows you to maintain control of that data.

And unlike Google Data Studio that needs a developer resource, Yurbi doesn’t require a lot of technical expertise to build reports because it is a codeless ad-hoc report building.

Yurbi also provides a BI platform approach with report scheduling, multi-data source data blending, multi-tenant data-level security, dashboards, a centralized report library, data governance, and more. And Yurbi is a great choice for software vendors looking for embedded white label dashboards and reports.

Ultimately it comes down to your requirements. If you are tied into the Google Analytics platform and looking to provide customized reports for Google Analytics, Ads, YouTube, Google Cloud data, and have more of a marketing analytics slant to your data sources, Google Data Studio is a great fit. For use cases that require more on-premise database access or blending of data, contact us for
Google Data Studio can prove to be an excellent tool for a beginner who has just started dealing with the analytics. Here’s why:

1. Customize Reports To Match Up With Your Brand
Google Data Studio creates reports which can be easily customized by the users. There are enough options available here to experiment with colors, fonts, size, labels, and borders. Also, all the charts and graphs created looks neat. The metrics of charts can be dragged and fitted as per your requirements. You can even add the logo of your company in the reports which are being created, and the color palette can also be chosen according to it.

2. Unlimited Data
Google Data Studio houses unlimited tables and pages. To make things easy, one can label the pages by either category or theme. It also supports unlimited dimensions and metrics. A summary row can be added and you can decide the number of rows that you want to see in a page. Then, you can go ahead with the pagination option which enables the users to scroll through the data. This comes especially handy when you have to take a glance at the report.

3. Add Comments and Notes
If you are presenting the report to a client who is new to reading reports, you can go ahead to add notes and comments to draw their attention to the critical features, tables or any other external data in the report.

4. Access and Speed
The hallmark of Google Data Studio is its speed and accessibility. It is largely because of the connection that exists between Google Dat
Though Google Data Studio is popular among the newbies, serious marketing data analysts do not prefer it because:

1. Reports can be read-only online
The major drawback of Google Data Studio is that it allows the users to view the reports only online. This means the report created through it cannot be exported as a CSV, PDF or any other file type. The only way of sharing the reports created in Google Data Studio is by sharing the URL.

2. Report delivery automation is absent
In other services like Analytics, one has the option of delivering the data daily, weekly, monthly or quarterly but this kind of delivery automation is absent in Google Data Studio.

3. Supports Single Data Source
When coming to other dashboard tools, Google Data Studio might be a bit limited because it supports only a single data source. It means for creating tables, graphs, and charts, you can extract data from a single source instead of multiple channels. Data blending is not possible in Google Data Studio. Although Google can connect to many disparate sources, it can only report on 1 at a time.

4. Developer resources will be needed
If your company focuses and relies highly on metrics, then Google Data Source might not be the best tool. It is because pulling data-in becomes very difficult for Google Data Source and a developer resource will most likely be needed to automate the prep of the data.

5. Limited Connections
It cannot be denied that Google Data Source works seamlessly with other Google serv
Ótimo aplicativo para dados, painéis. Ele permite que os usuários criem painéis informativos e visuais fáceis de interpretar, compartilhar e personalizar.
Infelizmente tive dificuldade até aprender a mexer. São muitas funções que fiquei confuso.
Overall  I truly enjoy using for my presentations at work and loved having the ability to add our data sources to create intelligent and aesthetically pleasing charts. And It's excellent to have a variety of quantifiable metrics for our website.
Literally I love Google Data Studio. I have automated 90% of my Google Analytics and Google Search Console tasks by just building dashboards with all of my relevant data. I can't speak highly enough about this product. Lastly one more thing, great job to Google's team for making this wonderful tool.
It requires some level of expertise to be able to use. And nothing to dislike as this has only helped in creating reports that are rather time consuming if you were to create them manually in excel or word.
no
i find most of the thing at google and work
sometime when my WiFi die i can not use it 
Soo good software 
One of my favorite software. The best software to find anything I want, to find details. The world feels close at hand when using this software.
When we search for some information we do not get the expected and true information.
I have very good te with this app
This was so impactable and im so impress from this app
This is a great software this so usefull
Well internally if you already have google is a good tool. But if you want to merge it with other tools and other connections I would recommend other kind of BI tool
If you use and have the suit of google. you can create really quick and easy you dashboards. Also the performance is really good among their connections to Bigquery
Lack of metrics functionality and aggregations that you need to do from the query side . Also visual customization are really poor for graphs
