Using WF to tack what designers are working on and how the projects are coming along has been a major benefit. Getting clients quick approvals has been critical. Still learning how to stay on top of all the ext steps and processes to make it all flow smoothly.
Tracking and organization.
A lot more steps and items to do to keep it all up to date.
Implemented almost 2 years ago and I wouldn't go back to your old system EVER....I was just supposed to help set up processes and ended up being the admin and it's taken me places and allowed me to meet people in my organization that I might never have met!
We haven't actually used it yet
Implementation pains aren't something I want to go through again yet.
I honestly don't see many benefits to this software at all.
The best thing I can say about Workfront is that it's easy to create new projects at the most basic level. Otherwise, I prefer not to use it.
There are too many steps involved in creating anything or updating projects. There is so much clutter to get through, it's hard to retrieve earlier messages. Documents often get lost because there are so many different places to house them. The search function is terrible - not helpful at all. Overall, there is just way too much going on in Workfront. It adds so many steps to my projects and there are way too many unnecessary features. It over complicates everything.
It has helped me be able to report out on activity metrics that was manually tracked and to view capacity of my team.
I like that it has the ability to allow multiple users to update their projects within the one overall program that I manage.  It has increased transparency in the work, which has helped us identify the need to increase the # of facilitators my program has.
That a planner license is needed in order to update projects dates, etc.  MY project owners do not have this level of license, so therefore I have to manually take the time to do it for them.
It's fully featured, allowing us to do almost anything with it.
Can be slow and buggy at times, which is frustrating to deal with.
Love the vast variety of functionalities. It's not just a project management tool. Our leadership especially enjoys the reporting capabilities.
Wish more of our wish list improvement items were made. We have a long log of items that have been ongoing for a couple years and some of them have still not been looked at.
I use Workfront every day for various functions in my company. It is a valuable tool that helps tie together so many branches of information into designated projects. 
I like that Workfront has so many capabilities and applications that span such a wide range of industries. Workfront is a valuable tool for my company and acts as a comprehensive point of communication and tracking on almost every type of project we implement. 
Workfront can be intimidating and difficult to learn, especially to those who are daunted by new software. 
Project management, project workflow is king with this software. I've used it at 2 different agencies. My initial experience at each was poor, as there was not someone who knew the software inside and out. It is extremely adaptable and flexible, which is a blessing and a curse. With a strong and knowledgable administrator, this can be a great software. It is not at all intuitive, however.
Extremely powerful, if set-up well. And that's the problem. Without an experienced administrator, who knows process management and the software, users can be set adrift. 
There are 10 ways to do any one thing, which can make training frustrating and difficult. I found the online training lacking.
Easy to communicate instead of using email applications.
Lees meetings time for sure.
All the info is in the same place.

gaps on document revision control, it is difficult to know what is the last revised version of a document the team has acces to and to where the document actually belongs.

This is the fourth project management software that I have worked with and by far Workfront offers the most features and the best ability to grow.  Workfront it's self is constantly growing and offering new products and solutions, but my company can grow as well with how we use workfront and the information we can organize with it.
I really like the implementation set up process. A Workfront team member worked with us to really understand our process and how best to customize our set up for the most efficient views and forms for our work.  
Honestly - the help site and it's articles it too vast. When I have a topic I search for I end up going down a rabbit hole to find answers and I come up with an unclear answer. My solution for this is to call customer support and they are very fast to direct me in the right direction.
love it
I liked the template aspect so you do not have to recreate the structure of your project every time you need to create a new one. 
The predecessors do not always work and sometimes it creates more work than just manually changing the dates.
The appearance of the application that is displayed directly in the user interface is very pleasant in appearance and intuitive from the very first hours of operation. This is really not bad, because in previous programs I worked with before, even this was done poorly and uncomfortably. Control of all tasks, even while working simultaneously, runs smoothly and cleanly. I can track all the processes that may interest me.
As I said earlier, the user interface allows you to become familiar with the application of particular difficulties. However, this does not apply to the search for internal tools. It is unpleasant to realize that at the beginning of work it will be necessary to spend precious time searching for only one function.
We are solving lack of visibility into the work that hits our team, we also are using Workfront to demonstrate where we are lacking capacity to complete tasks and to collaborate on proofs in one place vs. having a million emails and different sign-offs where people can't see what others have already commented or signed off on.
Allows me to manage 100's of tasks assigned to me, enter time I spend on those task, assign to and collaborate with others all within one tool without having to keep tons of email chains, and allows me to easily demonstrate to management what it is I am working on, how long I spend on it, and introduce opportunities to improve upon the data/processes that we are capturing in Workfront.
Can be hard to teach others to use it because there are many ways of doing the same thing, it's customizable but I think there are some aspects that are surprisingly not customizable that a lot of other businesses would use, and I would really like a way to create object that aren't as big as projects but require a little more effort than Tasks. It's also hard to report comprehensively on tasks and projects if your team has a healthy mix of both.
I preach this constantly but products that are completely customizable are high on my list, and this product provides exactly that. 
Fairly high initial investment, otherwise no issues. 
- Resource time sheet can help a lot to manage project cost, project statistics, and future scenarios
- Resource planning in parallel project
- Parallel project planning
- Reporting and the ability to customize reports
- Customization of notifications
Ability to add notes to new versions of documents and search previous versions. If I have a weekly meeting I take meeting notes on...I upload a new version.  Also, what needs improvement is the Ability to set due dates at each phase of an approval process.
Went from vendor identification to full implementation in a matter of 4 months.  Great support team that has been with us through every step
Overall project management of components we produce for clients
Templates, ability to manage multiple deliverables within one campaign, each with their own schedule and milestones and integration layer. 
Time for a UX refresh to reduce clicks where possible
Workfront has allowed us to customize our environment to make sense to our company culture and workflows. We are able to give transparency to the team as to what everyone is working on and how things are progressing. Our team is constantly finding different ways to use the tool in various workflows in our Marketing team. 
The UX is a little clunky and requires a lot of clicks. I believe this is in their product roadmap for future improvements.
Work front is the best project management tool we've used and we've used a bunch. Great customer support and great value.
