Allowing managers to use the platform to have awareness of their reviews and respond to them. Location management. Competitor analysis.
The support you'll receive from Chatmeter is incomparable. Any and all questions are answered in a timely manner, and they're always going above and beyond to help their clients.
Review collected by and hosted on G2.com.
Setting up locations only because it's time consuming. Maybe the location set up and user set up can be tied together and can be set up at the same time instead of separately?
It is very easy to use and navigate the home screen.
there is nothing I would currently change about this product.
Excellent
N/A xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Nothingxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
We all know that reviews are important and we should be looking at them every day. The best part of this platform are the daily e-mail alerts. It's a reminder that attention is needed whether a positive or negative review is left by a customer.  These e-mail alerts are a reminder to reply back and look at reviews.
*Easy to use dashboard. • Customer survey tools. • Mobile App




Review gating and solicitation violations.
After open dispatch, we began searching for instruments for brand the executives and web-based media estimations 

yet, were fortunate to experience the Chatmeter as it has more than what we're looking. It unquestionably saved our time, 

cash and endeavors from purchasing a wide range of apparatuses or SaaS for exactly the same reason.
This isn't anything not as much as juggernaut with so numerous fundamental highlights and we can decide on every one of the things 

through Chatmeter from audits to web-based media commitment and conclusions, checking got surveys on every one of the stages from Facebook to Google business. 

What's more, it's actually something astounding about the Chatmeter and our group love this instrument.
Each client loves straightforward and clear evaluating on a committed estimating page which is absent on the Chatmeter site. 

On the off chance that it's made accessible, it will be ideal and unquestionably assemble more trust on the Chatmeter.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
It  is very helpful app. It is very nice app . I will always love your apps.
The quick and easy response to our reviews has never been easier. 
The review section and how easy it is to respond, I really appreciate the pre-selected templates.
There is nothing I dislike, there is a lot to the software so it will be nice to navigate around a bit more to see how it can better serve us.
I love it. They respond back very professionally to every review we get in a timely matter.
I love that every review we get online, They send it to our email to see all reviews that come in. especially all the good reviews we get they send it to the owner.
I dont any any bad things to say, I love this service.
A través de acciones basadas en datos, es capaz de mejorar la reputación y visibilidad de la marca.
Buen servicio de atención al cliente adaptado a las necesidades de cada usuario, mejorando la experiencia  de uso. 
Algún proceso es más complicado de entender de entrada,  nada que el soporte en línea no te pueda resolver.
It’s neat, but I don’t see the value added in the program. 
The features such as the social media presence tracker and the ability to view all formats on one page.
I still have to log into Yelp for business to respond to reviews. 
It user friendly and quick to respond to any issues.  The name is very catchy, great marketing.
nothing, seems to work just fine and I don't have anything ellse
Customer service on point, software is user friendly.
This software is easy to use, informative, and includes a ton of different reporting options that can be customized on a whim!
We wish there was an option to add additional CRM information to what the software already tracks in the reporting.
I enjoy using it on a daily basis 
How it compared how you store is doing to othere
Nothing I enjoy using it on a daily basis 
A good, enjoyable and exclusive experience
Ease of use and the way it is programmed and copied
Shape and ease of download There is no difficult aspect to use but its old form has a problem
pretty decent 
The features, Like the preloaded templates and bulk replying. 
The fact that users are limited to the platforms they can actually respond to. 
Daily emails with a summary of all reviews received
Reviews should be verified so that when they leave  a review there is a reason. 
Thanks to reporting and analiz, I can create a strategy for myself by looking at the data. This is my favorite feature.
There is no feature that I dislike the most. The fact that it is both convenient and inexpensive makes the application stand out in its field.
We've been able to greatly drive up customer retention average visits / client
Chatmeter seamlessly aggregates all needed data, displays it in an easy to understand fashion, and allows for download of all data
It would be nice if the system integrated with internal rating softwares
so far its good experience. As a manager, i knew what i suppose to know at one place 
Email i got every morning when i check my phone. Usually any feedback from google or elsewhere.  This is friendly reminder as how we doing everyday. 
I am not frequent user. Just using to to find out chatmeter score. Haven't explore the entire site 
Software that gives us the opportunity to monitor evaluations and answer them quickly and conveniently, so that everyone has their doubts answered, and also so that their criticisms are heard. Great software, it has helped us a lot!
But since nothing is perfect...
This software has recurring bug issues, which always end up getting in our way.
