It makes life easier for a communications personnel as the email are sent at once to the intended customers nomatter how many they will be. 
I could email a number of customers at once, meaning more people were to receive the same message at one go. It's also cheaper way of sending emails to customers. 
Their pricing is only monthly would prefer if it could charge annually as well as it can be more expensive and stressing than to just to do a once off payment. 
Great marketing tool: easy to setup your campaign, nice responsive templates, user-friendly interface.
Personally for me the most complaint of Mailchimp is its price. Small companies can't afford having paid plans. Also it would be great to be able to work with the editor offline.
Significantly improves the image you want to project the company with the presentation of the mail. Functionally it has many options that easily allows the designer to do something fast and quality.
It is easy to use if you are a programmer or designer, to prepare invitation cards, festivities, company blog posts, among others, for clients or company inmates. Creating a campaign is simple. You can have the list of emails and prepare the shipments from the application which makes the control of sending the mails simple.
Once the user's basic data is recorded, which is taken as part of the publications, it is difficult to modify it. After you send a card it is blocked and can not be modified to be remitted, when it is being tested, it can be sent many times before making final delivery.
I managed to get my work done quickly, I benefited from the service, as every service has something to improve and certainly with time and some adjustments will be perfect, even so I accomplished my goal
the resources are good, there is no secret to access, very easy, meets the expectations of my work leaving me very satisfied
Faced with the promises, the resources leave a little to be desired, but with a little attention you can use, and so the integration would be faster and consequently, the service would save time
- the reports are good in the free version. all what i want
- many ways to import lists
- easy to use
- i have problems to import german names with äüö
- limited test sends in free version
- nothing more cons for me
I really like mailchimp, and I only use the free version currently. It offers several integration tools to enable you to put sign up forms on websites, emails, or on a standalone page for use at a  convention or similar event where you are trying to grow your list in person. It offers the ability to integrate with certain CRM systems but I haven't used that feature yet. Lastly, it provides the standard unsubscribe features at the bottom of every email which is a must these days to not alienate people who want to get off the email. It is a great option for people looking for a good, clean looking, email list application.
The interface is clean and intuitive. You can create and use other peoples templates which is really nice for standardizing your own campaigns or standardizing campaigns from several departments in a company. It offers several integration tools to enable you to put sign up forms on websites, emails, or on a standalone page for use at a  convention or similar event where you are trying to grow your list in person. It offers the ability to integrate with certain CRM systems but I haven't used that feature yet. Lastly, it provides the standard unsubscribe features at the bottom of every email which is a must these days to not alienate people who want to get off the email.
I have no cons from my use with the software. I only added three stars for customer service because I have never contacted them, so I cannot speak to their service.
Allows me to stay on track and keep my work completely in order. The software also allows me to keep on track with paperwork without the hassle.
The thing l dislike the most is the lack of support which is in real time. This could lmprove the software for many people such as myself.
Blasting emails in a fast way and also the templates and tools are very complete. 
is very easy to put your parameter to who are you sending the email blast, the demographics and it gives you a report in live time. Is very convenient when your business relies on digital ads. 
Nothing really, the software was just updated and it made it even easier to use. Congrats to the developers. 
Most important thing for us is not getting black listed as we rely a lot in email. Service is cheap and we can communicate with our customers without being in trouble. More things can be done with this service, but that is our main use.
Mailchimp brand appears in emails when using the 2.000 email free pack. It kind of forces you to pay.
support mobile version is better
Easy to use and can let user to customize the news letter. Data Import by Excel is good feature to users
Chinese language support is much better. In addition, the Login screen could not choose Chinese Language. 
Mailchimp helps me gain time on daily tasks, in maintaining a fast and effective work rate. It also allows me to innovate in marketing strategies and places me close to each client. I can know how interacting with my products, shopping or why they didn't. It's just wonderful.
For the success of an email marketing campaign I need a team and precisely Mailchimp is that team. This platform offers me, step by step, everything I require to attract customers, maintain interaction with them and get them to acquire my services. Designing templates in Mailchimp is easy, they are eye-catching and I can also customize them my way. I also love the automated activities it fulfills like sending emails, immediate responses and work statistics. Every report it gives me is valuable because I get new ideas and strategies. In addition, it is a free service to get started and paid plans are available to any entrepreneur.

The mobile version doesn't help me much in its interface. It only allows me to check some options. Maybe it was in my case, but I haven't had the attention I expected from tech support.
Thanks to MailChimp I have the possibility to send information to a lot of people in a minute. Really practical.
Is a software that is really helpful and practical, it saves a lot of time, more for busy people. If you need to send a lot of emails to a lot of people this is the best option
Sometimes it gets complicated when you don't know how to use it. It would be better if we could have a better way to register all the contacts to the software.
Mail Chimp is user friendly and the video tutorials are quite helpful. They also add new functions at a consistent pace so you do not feel as if you need to switch to another platform as your business grows
In the beginning Mail Chimp was very basic and the functionalities you would find using Mailer Lite Constant Contact and other platforms were non existent
Most of the tiles this kind of tools are used by non-technical or not so tech-savvy individuals who just want to focus on marketing and don't want to involve designers and coders to do that. Mailchimp offers easy campaign management and email template that can go hand in hand with most of your requirements.
Compared to three email marketing platforms that I have researched and used for a client, I like the creative freedom of Mailchimp when it comes to design and layouts. I like that I can save templates and maintain consistency in my emails.

In my research of two other email marketing platforms, I found them to be rather plain, and I don't want my emails to customers/subscribers to be too simple for my style/taste (such as Constant Contacts). The third software I refer to is a platform I used at my client's discretion, and it was overly complicated, and I did not enjoy creating emails and social media posts and
Email templates are way old and the template customization using email builder doesn't seem to be that good compared to other Email Marketing Software.

The website templates editor seems to be kind of... same as Email builder with few more extra options.

When a contact who is already on the list tries to sign up again... it says the user is already subscribed and asks them if they want to update their profile. And, I can't seem to figure out how to skip the same.
My experience it's over four years since buy phone l use this app
It's simple to use and a very one you can without any problem
Contain many features which help people for anything
