Awesome Service Platform.
Twilio is fast, focused and precise with it's goal to deliver better solutions for developers especially, to work more efficiently. 
It has some delays with local service (message) delivery.
This software had a huge numebr of features, many of which I'm sure I am still oblivious to. Its an incredibly diverse software. 
The only down side is that it can be pretty complicated to setup and requires more of a coder mentality to understand it. there are many texting and Voice drop softwares out there that are simpler. 
Twilio allows us to send marketing messages as well as status messages on orders to our customers. We can control all aspects of text messages programmatically. It also offers a web interface where we can monitor all the activity. 
Sometimes there is a network delay causing customers to receive texts later than expected but it happens rarely. 
Twilio helps me send transactional SMS messages to my users, which is its important role for my business and it nails this. However, to get more out of it, I use it for marketing to certain user segments as well and it performs brilliantly. Overall, I am happy with Twilio.
Twilio easily integrates with multiple 3rd party services out there. With a simple Zap in Zapier, you can build multiple workflows that trigger operations on your Twilio accounts such as sending out mass SMS or transactional SMS to customers. 
Twilio has exceptional deliverability in so many countries around the world. So no matter where your recipient is, Twilio can pretty much reach them.
Twilio has a steep learning curve if you do intend to get the most out of the products. You can cover a lot with simple API and Zapier, but to get the most from it using "Programmable Communications" needs some level of expertise. And this is where Twilio really showcases its powers. Unfortunately without a certain level of expertise, you will not get to that. Personally, as a NoCode builder, to overcome this I had to hire an expert to help me get the most out of Twilio.
Overall, A good experience with it, it provides better tools for users to help out.
Price in comparison to others is adjustable.
Twilio is an amazing software. We can do everything with a given number. Record, SMS, verification, conferencing and integrations. Easy  to use, reliable and provide better tool services. Have variant features and low price.
Complex to startup, need to learn to use. Dashboard is outdated.
Experience has been positive and great
Extremely affordable option to send 1:1 SMS meeting reminders in conjunction with Chili Piper and increase show rates to hard earned appointments set by our sales reps as well as send 1:1 SMS marketing messages via Marketo Engage 
Doesn't have 2-way, bi-directional texting capabilities when a prospects responds via text to either our meeting reminders or marketing messages
A good cheap to use Call and SMS features. 
Love the cheap dirt price of sending SMS and calling features which makes it easy to reach a larger audience of customers for my biz. 
There is a bit of learning curve to use this platform and benefit all the features it gives out with many possibilities. 
It's been good so far, it definitely helps us send out our messages in mass to reach all of our clients. It's fairly easy to use and navigate.
I love that this is easy to set up and to have a mass message sent out. This really saves time and is efficient 
I wasn't able to integrate this with a few apps so that I could utilize it.
So far I have been able to use my Twilio french mobile number fully online even whenI need to travel abroad - with all mobile services you can expect (voice, SMS, MMS). The pricing is light and the global user interface makes the whole systme pretty easy to manage. ... And they are always working on new services.
Excellent software, ni any issue it's done properly. 
It helps me to automate the SMS process for us and our clients as well.
I think SMS marketing is the best way to reach new customers. I usually suggest this tool to our clients for SMS integration. 

You can easily send and receive text message globaly with the API integration.

It also affordable.

There is nothing I don't like about Twilio. This is perfec tool for SMS intgration with your website.
Fantastic experience with a supportive vendor. I would highly recommend to other organizations.
This is a super easy to use tool to set up a virtual, multi channel contact center. Stop is a breeze, and the app is highly reliable.
The most difficult piece to set up was routing of multiple channels to the same agents. While this want super difficult of a concept, picking up the real life application of it in the to took a little time.
I can only speak to Twilio's SMS sending, as we've never used any of the other features.  However, I've found their API to be very a well-documented and straightforward, and haven't had any issues implementing it into a production app.
Relative to other similar services, Twilio is quite expensive.  I choose to use them because their services seemed the best and I estimated that I'd only need to send a small number of messages per month, however, if budget your budget is tight, there are definitely cheaper options out there.
This software is very useful to integrate into your app to make some of your own things on your phone system
You can use the api of this software in your apps to make and control your calls and text messages works on ios and android
there is only a version of this software for ios and android no version for windows phones or for the computers
 J'utilise twilio pour une multitude de SMS, de téléphone et bientôt de communications WhatsApp. Elle a été moins chère que notre solution interne et l'API a été facile à utiliser.
Avec Twilio, vous pouvez partir de zéro pour créer votre propre système de communication en ligne. Je ne savais pas grand-chose sur la VOIP avant et il est vrai que j'ai dû apprendre quelques choses.
Jusqu'à présent, j'ai pu utiliser mon numéro de mobile Twilio français entièrement en ligne même lorsque j'ai besoin de voyager à l'étranger.
                                                                                                                                                         
Le prix est faible et l'interface utilisateur globale rend l'ensemble du système assez facile à gérer.
Je n'utilise que quelques fonctionnalités de la plateforme mais les possibilités sont énormes! Et ils travaillent toujours sur de nouveaux services.

Et comme Twilio est maintenant vraiment reconnu comme une entreprise de communication, vous pouvez trouver très facilement des applications logicielles supplémentaires et même de la documentation, je pense à l'application de téléphone logiciel que j'utilise sur mon mobile ou mon bureau par exemple.


Inconvénients: le processus de connexion peut être ennuyeux
-l'aide prend parfois plus de 24 heures
- la configuration de plusieurs sous-comptes est déroutante au début
- toutes les fonctions ne peuvent pas être effectuées via UX

De plus Une interface utilisateur pour les développeurs et pour les personnes familiarisées avec le codage.




Used for various purposes over the years and always proved reliable and met our needs.
Global support and wide range of communication services make building bespoke platforms easy, whether a simple message confirmation or complex multi department platforms.
Although simpler than anything else on the market, is does require a tech team to properly integrate or reasonable tech knowledge to use the simple creator tools.
Overall it has been positive so far.  We are launching our software globally now and so far they have been a solid partner in the countries we have been going to.
We used Twilio to be the backbone of custom cross-platform messaging software we built that connects people in different countries around the globe.  We used it to send automated messages alerting the users that someone in their area wants to talk to them and then to continue to facilitate the conversations through our software and the WhatsApp API protecting the user's identities.  

The API was very easy to use.  The hardest and most challenging part was getting set up and approved by Facebook to get our WhatsApp numbers.  The system tracks if messages were delivered which is great and we can see responses come back in as well, not the message content itself mind you, but that a response was sent.  We also leverage their email platform which added another communication platform to our system.  

All in all, we are excited about our partnership with Twilio and look forward to continuing to work with them.


The only challenging issues we had really involved WhatsApp and getting them to verify our Facebook Business listing, then approve us for a WhatsApp number and finally approve our message templates so we could use Twilio to send messages through their platform.  I wouldn't say any of that was Twilio's fault and their staff was excellent at doing everything they could to help us.

The only thing I would like to see is a better more laid out navigation on their admin dashboards.  You have to click into menus to get to a sub menu to then scroll around and try to find what you are looking for.  It would be nice if they had a master link tree like Amazon does on their AWS dashboard.
Twilio helps us to send bulk SMS to the customer base of our company.
For certain countries price per SMS is way too high.
Overall its amaizing . it is a poweful system  with advanced features.
Its great and easy to use ,i used its ''WHATsAPP API in my various projects.its  API  documentation is so good and easy to implement .  it is used to create  sms system sales,  Phone numbers for ads, and Autopilot.its a great tool with lot of features that can solve various bussiness problems.  
The feature of CONFERENCE CALL is not very commodious. User interface is little bit confusing.
Twilio has streamlined our communications with our people. Now we are able to manage all communication from a single program rather than switching between multiple platforms.
There are 2 things that made this an easy decision for us.
1 - Our church management software was already designed to implement Twilio
2 - The pricing is less than we were paying for other solutions that we have used
I guess the only downside, and I don't think Twilio has any control over this, is that I'm having to pay for emergency (911) calling on the phone line even though we are only using this as a text number. This number is not connected to any phones to be able to dial out.
It's a minor monthly charge, but I hate paying more than I have to.
