meh
Since emma added drag and drop functionality, it's a big improvement. It's got a long way to go
social sharing not there yet, photo editing, forget it. frustrating to make it look nice
The integrations aren't as strong as larger packages, and user flow isn't fabulous, but simply for building gorgeous emails that look good on every platform, Emma is the undisputed leader.
For nonprofits and small to mid-size businesses, MyEmma is the best, most intuitive email marketing platform around. Their customer service is over the top great, and the service they offer to build templates for you is well worth the small investment! Not only are they good to work with, but the team at Emma are firm believers in giving back to the community, something that comes out in their interactions in small but meaningful ways. 
I would love to see Emma manage more complex data. My heart was broken when I moved to a different organization and was no longer able to utilize Emma due to a more complex data and business unit structure. 
I learned that there are better products out there!
Nice-enough looking emails (at least in the beginning), decent templates, relatively easy for non-technical users, some templates are responsive. The people there are polite and relatively nice to interact with (but see below, I sometimes question their competence).
Expensive for what you (don't) get, poor customer service (I often have to repeat my questions to get someone to understand the issues), doesn't work with Office365 (they've had issues with Microsoft for more than a year, and still are unable to resolve them), templates have become stale, with few new ones added, "code your own" editor is junk, and if you want responsive emails, you are forced to use their templates (you can't code your own with media queries, etc), their software is glitchy and can be slow to respond.
We can streamline our processes for email solicitations, newsletters and use it for both our company and our clients.
We enjoy the flexibility that we have in their system. We can structure our campaigns differently for each client that we are working with. We use a zapier integration, which has been extremely helpful for us to get the tracking into our internal system.
There have been a few situations were parts of the platform that we would like to use are in beta and haven't been as easy to use or clear in how we can utilize them to their full capacity.
Emma is amazing to use and the customer service has been phenomenal.  The importing, segmenting and split testing have all been great and I have been incredibly happy with the deliverability.
I was concerned about uploading a large amount of data, but Emma made it incredibly easy.  I was able to keep all of the segmenting data that I wanted and very quickly use it to send targeted campaigns.  
Finding my subject line split test data took a few minutes the first time I tried, but that is pretty minor.
Emma is so easy. Get your list of contacts together, import them, and them send out marketing emails to segmented lists!
this was ok. i would recommend it to non salesforce users, but the integration broke and we had to stop
I have sent out six email blasts using Emma. I love it. So easy to use and great to see the responses! Couldn't be happier!
Easy to use. Great to have the analytics!
None.
Like Mailchimp, Emma is extremely user-friendly; I like that it's also a little simpler and has less of a learning curve overall.
Emma lacks some of the more robust fine-tuning features of Mailchimp, so it's better suited to more straightforward campaigns (as opposed to varied, multi-faceted ones).
It was easy to design template and easy to update contacts
The text and images seemed to always get skewed. I had to go through all the backend code to find the glitch and then correct every little bit. Even when I put the copy in notepad first, when I then copied into emma it would add extra code.
In a develop and centered conclusion it can be said that emma's programming is one of the finest within the world of improvement and promoting administration computer program centered on getting the most excellent comes about for the companies utilizing the framework, by centering, controlling, directing and producing clear progresses in its automatic structure and its commercial operations, raising its corporate rates to an expansive scale, situating the company at the beat of its capabilities and getting an increment in its coordinations and promoting abilities, gifted instruments for this department of trad
Emma is super straightforward to utilize. When we began to begin with marked on with Emma, we utilized their improvement group alternative to assist us make formats for our emails. They made a stagnat header and footer that contained particular joins to our site and our terms & conditions. This makes our mail set-up process very easy. We just like the warm outline that gets sent to us after an e-mail gets sent, which permits us to see what regions of our e-mail were clicked on first.
There isn't much around Emma I detest other than the cost. Relative to other stages, I would say that in the event that it came down on cost, the stage would be amazing in the advertisement.
This is a great product. Their customer service is excellent as well, very responsive.
It's ease of use. It has drag and drop features which makes importing elements a breeze, especially embedding video.
It did not integrate with our CRM (Recruit) so we had to look elsewhere. Larger organizations with a CRM would probably benefit from a platform with more integration capabilities.
Emma is a great email service and gets the job done. Overall it's simple and easy to navigate and use.
Marketing my business and keeping my clients/prospects up to date.
I shopped around and the most important aspect was to get a human on the phone and solve my problems when they came up.  My Emma is not the cheapest service out there but they have great customer service. AAA+++
I have no complaints about this service. They only charge me when I use it which is about every 45 days.
Great overall product. We do not use it as much as we could, but if the software had more features than I might.
I like the ability to send professional emails to a large database of contacts. Options are good for the price you pay.
The program is not set up like other word processing documents so lacks ease of use and ability to personalize emails without contacting and paying for more services.
Emma is a great tool that is easy to use for every person in your marketing team. It can be used for incredibly simple emails, or incredibly complex designs with automation. Also - no spam filter issues!
I found the program to be very user friendly with applicable features for marketing and the price point is great value, great for the beginner as it allows simple direct and email marketing with tracking
Really cant think of any cons except that if you are looking for a marketing program that is advanced then this may not be the one for you, that said it is a very effective marketing email platform.  This is so much better than Marketo.
I like how easy it is to send yourself tests of the emailers you create. The drag and drop tool is straightforward too. Support is pretty helpful and easy to get connected with. 
I don't like if I have to change out an image in an email and a link and metadata are already assigned, the link and metadata automatically clear out and I have to reassign it. Over the years of using it, it seems like it is slow to load and I've used it in a variety of browsers. 
It's very intuitive. I like how you can drag and drop components and it's easy to type in straight text without coding. It's a great tool for many situations.  It's easy to use templates saved in the system for regular emails such as newsletters as well. 
Sometimes it's not as flexible as I would like. I can't move a certain component, though I can move others.
They have a great email marketing platform that allows users to track their campaigns with great data metrics. Their templates are very user friendly for any experience level. 
The thing I like least about this software platform is that they only offer a paid version option...
