   really easy to use and user friendly.
when you update the program I always need to sign back in
Ease of use!  Ease of data setup and comprehensive reporting.  Willingness to customize to fit my business.
Product is almost ready to go out of the box.  Short learning curve!
Very user friendly and very easy to download info from the system
All is good. Great support from them. Easy to use product. There is nothing to dislike
Great for startups, and for businesses that are stuck doing manual inventory. I can't stress the ease of use. 
Web based solution that provides access to everything that we need, when we need it. Multiple users at no cost, and the ability to control what they see or do with the software. 
We haven't found any at the moment. Perhaps some minor UI adjustments, but again nothing that would be a deal breaker. 
I feel like this is a great step forward in consumables database.  
E-turns is easy to use and works well.  I like the historical features 
The biggest problem with eturns is that the spreadsheets it downloads are almost unusable without heavy modification 
The product is very good. A Little bit cumbersome at the start, but once the kinks were ironed out by the customer service representative works well.
Tracking the consignment inventory is all done electronically, which is a very nice feature.
Setting up new parts after initial set-up is a little confusing at first and you need some kind of a "cheat sheet" every time you want to add an item.
We have been using the PC system for years and recently moved to the internet based system.
It can be accessed directly from the internet which allows quicker updates without having to re-download software.
There is not a manual to download that steps you through all the bells and whistles.  
Overall has been a great experience. We implemented this into our program to help us with tracking our product from our vendor. Location and cycle counting helps us not to run out of essential items.
Ease of use makes it easy to develop new employees on it. We have a strong background in it to help track our stock with GrayBar. 
Easier ways for us to add new types of material. As well as have the ability to get Trade names for the material in the Description for easier searches
The Eturns Trackstock Apple App is what I use most regularly. I like the ease of use. If you are familiar with Apple IOS it is very user friendly. Icons and options available are very self explanatory within the app. Eturns online offers many different customizable options and customized reporting that has proven very beneficial for inventory management. Their support is very friendly and willing to help you every step of the way.
With our extensively large inventory it can get bogged down when searching for particular items and this can make certain tasks take a lengthy amount of time. I have been told that Eturns will be making some adjustments to servers that should help the speed in the near future.
Excellent in showing real time inventory, pulls and receipts are instantly updated as fast as a bank takes money from my credit card when I make a purchase.
It is so easy to use compared to other software programs I have used in past.  Has all the information i need and lets me customize my reports.
Nothing really that I notice from my end
Great product, very adaptable, works well with multiple users and locations.
Can adapt to our needs, reports run as we request, multiple projects.
Can not think of any.
My overall experience on e Turns is that it a very useful software, i highly recommend e Turns.
I highly recommend this software, make barcoding very easy and it's so easy to learn and handled, it's very helpful especially in spreadsheets 
It has its own all needed features and more likely to be upgraded.
It has been very easy to use!  If I ever have any questions customer service is there to help me out right away!
Easy to use!
Goes down on occasion and have to redownload the software.
The program is mostly intuitive to use. The training of our internal personnel as well as those of our customers, which are the end users has been minimal.

Being able to access the system from a remote location and to see exactly what the user sees has made field support very easy.

The initial/start-up and follow up support has been very good. The eTurns staff have been very good  and timely with following up on issues and requests. They are very engaged in supporting their product and our operation of eTurns..
We would prefer additional written/printed reference materials for describing the field set up and relationships. 
We have standardized on the ETurns software to manage out consignment inventories in the field.  We feel the ease of use and it flexibility provide us with the tools to satisfy our customer needs as well as balancing our internal systems and audit requirements.
The ETurns product is easy to use and adapted well to our system.  It allows us to manage inventory in multiple scenarios.  This flexibility fits well with the many disparate customer systems we encounter.

Like any new software, it takes a bit to understand the ins and out of using it.  It was not a long period before we were up and running
Easy to see what is in stock and to reorder stock. Once you are familiar with the interface the ease of use is great.The ability to use on mobile phone is great and has help us reduce unaccounted for items.
It does take a little getting used to but I feel like it did not take very long.
eTurns has allowed the company to systematically standardize daily sales transactions.  The automated EDI process has reduced the labor hours and transaction frequency that would normal be allocated to inventory management of programs.  The reporting capabilities allow Gexpro Services to provide additional value adds to our customer by identifying trends and predicting future projects needs.  eTurns has a plethora of features and solutions that Gexpro Services as an end user, has yet to fully maximize.  My experience with the eTurns has been extremely positive.
Reporting capabilities 
Ability to manage customer owned inventory 
Label design feature

Both the pull and order functions remove the internal manual entry process


The inability to mitigate duplicate scanning across all functions (orders/pulls/requisitions/work orders)
The eTurns system is mostly intuitive to use. The amount of time required for training has been minimal for our internal personnel as well as our customers, who are the end users.

The ability to access the system on the web allows us and our customers nearly unlimited options to access the system, provide reports, and to trouble shoot system or user issues.

The support, from the initial start-up and follow up to operational issues has been very good. The staff of eTurns have been very responsive to our needs and support of the site. They have all been engaged in their support of their system which allows us to better support our customers. There is a feeling a TEAM in our relationship.
We are able to assign inventory to specific jobs, track tools, and keep up maintenance with our work vehicles.
Once you have all of your inventory set up in E-Turns, re-ordering, and receiving items are quick and easy to do.
There are times when you place an order, an item doesn't go through correctly.
Great if you sell your products on consignment or have a random/wide variety of items. 
Very easy to set-up and use from both ends. Our customers were able to learn the system quickly and all loved it. Customer service is quick and helpful. 
Aside from using this with consignment customers and select others during seasonal sample sales, we don't utilize this program much. 
