As a reseller of this product – we've found the support team at SigmaXL to be helpful, poignant, and timely in their communication. A+
There have been some challenges with our users that do not have the appropriate version of the software to integrate into their Microsoft product (Excel). Potentially could solve with a more intuitive FAQ section on their website.
Cheap, simple, plugs into Excel and supports advanced analysis
You need Excel to use it (most people have it) but this inherently limits its potential in terms of graphic capability
The ease of use and the cost are my two favorite attributes.
The functionality is not on the same level as Minitab but it provides the essential things you need.  I've also experienced some freezing up of the software.
Takes advantage of MS Excel software capabilities.
Capable of all but the most esoteric numerical analyses encountered in engineering & business.
Easy to learn.
Cost effective.
No real shortcomings detected.  Analytical approaches logically organized and capable.
 Its great - really easy to use and some really useful analysis and ways of presenting data . Its a value and affordable. When a company needs to buy many seats for greenbelts and blackbelts - this is a Quality product !.
 Integration with Excel Functionality is very close, equal to the more expensive statistical software The easier learning curve for those new to statistics
I had no issues with this software. Thank you
It has provided us great convenience in our project process by making analysis easy and efficient for our research projects.
SigmaXL is a great product that allows us to measure, analyze, improve and control our services, processes and production processes. As an add-on to the already familiar Microsoft excel, I love SigmaXL and it's ideal for use in Lean Six Sigma training or a college statistics course. Version 9 has become a very useful and functional product by adding time series estimation and advanced control charts. This product really provided great convenience in our Project management. He ran our business in the most efficient way.I was also very satisfied with the customer support of the product.
It did not appeal to me as an interface, other than that, it does not have a negative situation.
SigmaXL have everything i use in my classes. 
To my students the Product Price is a lilttle high.
I recommend Sigma XL for all who wants to start process optimizations with use easy statistic tools like DOE, SPC and others
I liked the most that software is easy accessible from the Excel as add in  with no impact on other system programs
Some functions are hide in tabs that are not very intuitive
I recommend Sigma XL for all who wants to start process optimizations with use easy statistic tools like DOE, SPC and others
I liked the most that software is easy accessible from the Excel as add in  with no impact on other system programs
Some functions are hide in tabs that are not very intuitive
Control charts for  OEE, in particular analysis of speed losses. 
Since it is an Excel Add-In is very intuitive. No need to use scripts like Python or R.  Affordable.
As a matter of fact,  being a an Add-In makes it extremeley easy to use it. Maybe it needs more elegant plotting capabilies. 
I recommend Sigma XL for all who wants to start process optimizations with use easy statistic tools like DOE, SPC and others
I liked the most that software is easy accessible from the Excel as add in  with no impact on other system programs
Some functions are hide in tabs that are not very intuitive
In my line of work I analyze OEE and I use SigmaXL for individual control charts
It is complete for what is intended for. 
I wish it would have more reliability functions.
I am using the tool for Baselining and process improvements.
Easy to use ,  categorization,  capability reports,  Red colur P value
Comparison of improvements , before and after improvements in Histograms
Excellent experience with Sigma XL. You gave me a free license because I am a consultant. 
1. Ease of installation 
2. Ease of use
3. Quality of the report that it produces
1. The help or tutorial feature is not that user friendly. 
I mostly solve Lean problems requiring visual management of SPC issues and solutions.  SigmaXL is just so easy to use.
It is almost fool-proof.  Very intuitive and rarely needs any administrative care.  I have taught University and Manufacturing Lean and Six Sigma Green Belt classes with SigmaXL for several years.  My students love it!
Customer Support Team are very responsive.  I can count on their help.  The SigmaXL webinars and training are also top-notch.
I sometimes forget to enable the Excel Macros -- but I am getting better at that.
I am beginner on 6 Sigma and for me was important that I could to start use fast calculation in my projects. The base is enough easy.
Pareto Chart and Calculation of value of process. 
I really like how easy it is to run basic statistical analyses using SigmaXL within Excel. It made running analyses for our small sample research projects easy and efficient. 
I had no issues with this software. Thank you.
SigmaXL is used exclusively for all Performance Improvement and Six Sigma activities
I have been using SigmaXL (and using it for all Black Belt and Green Belt classes) since 2003.  It supports all of my needs and does not require the extensive training that MiniTab does.  Also, it's a great value, much less expensive than MiniTab.  Every single person I buy SigmaXL for loves it.
Nothing.  SigmaXL has everything I need, including exceptional customer support
I like the ability to change parameters on the same data set and re-run to get accurate result.
Having to go back to activate SigmaXL in the middle of analysis if I forgot to activate before starting work on spreadsheet,
As a teacher and practitioner of Six Sigma, I find SigmaXL a great option for those not looking to invest significant $'s into traditional statistical software.  It also removes possible barriers that exist with IT or management buy-in on the purchase/use of statistical software.
Integration with Excel
Functionality is very close, equal to the more expensive statistical software
The easier learning curve for those new to statistics
Some graphics limitations
Ease of selecting / understanding what options to choose
Multiple spreadsheet generation can become clunky

