Horrible. Trust me, invest in a different CRM. 
Nothing. Horrible program. Horrible customer service. Invest in a different CRM
Customer Service is a nightmare to deal with. Not worth the money at all. 
Signed up, went through the 30 day trial...as with any software, learning something new took some time, but the team was great.
Functionality is the best you can find.
Still some upgrades needed on the transaction management, but overall, pretty good.
HORRIBLE, WITH NICE CUSTOMER SERVICE, THE PLATFORM IS GARBAGE
CUSTOMER SERVICE IS NICE WHEN I KAREN THEM, NOT THIER FAULT 
CAN NOT IMPORT 255 CHARACTERS, IT IS NOT STABLE AND LOOSES COLUMN PRESETS, I COULD GO ON AND ON AND ON AND ON.  IT SUCKS BEYOND BELIEF.  I AM A USER AND I AM LEAVING ASAP, BEYOND FRUSTRAED!!!! 
LionDesk is great for managing your business
lion-desk does exactly what you look for in managing your small or large businesses from home or office 
I personally think they could a little more contacts slots and storage  
Consistent marketing, lead generation, follow up, lead alerts 🔔 and overall organization of my business into a centralized "dashboard" has been a massive time saver ⏰ and productivity booster. 
Video text blast 👈👈👈 Facebook custom audience & ad portal 👀. Plus, integration with everything I'm already using ❤️ -and all the 💰 saved over other CRM's!
Can't wait until Google Contacts, Calendar and Tasks join the Gmail integration with LionDesk 🦁!
I absolutely loved how there is a section for sharing your marketing sequences with other realtors and loan officers. Being able to see what works and what doesn't work is a crucial part in growing your own business. This also gives you new ideas to implement within your own organization. Liondesk is also a very easy platform to navigate when you know how to properly make use of it's features. 
Sometimes there were too many options to choose from. They also didn't have any advanced features lie other CRMs do, such as analytics and landing pages, websites, etc. 
Overall Better lead management with my database. When leads come in from FB they go straight into a custom text/email campaign and don't fall through the cracks. The platform is clean and easy to navigate and I like the format a lot. I highly recommend the product. It's clear this company is going to continue to roll out with innovative and good upgrades to the software. Looking forward to seeing them.
Liondesk is a robustly featured CRM used for Real Estate but could probably be used for other forms of sales as well. The features that drew me to Liondesk are as follows: 1. Data Analytics: Robust data capturing and visualization 2. Features for the money: Contacts, emails, custom phone lines, text messaging, drips, deal plans and pipeline revenue projection, and soon a new AI. It is a fully featured system. 3. The price: It is very affordable when comparing the CRM to other software web apps in its class.
Liondesk is missing a robust "value add" form of drip. Like newsletters, informational articles on the real estate industry. The provided and shared drips come off as salesy without much value add for the consumer. Other CRM's in its class such as ixact and contactually provide this. This however, is understandable because both of those CRM'S are generally more expensive.
Managing customer communications and follow ups has been streamlined to the point where it takes less than 1 hour per day to maintain my entire lead and SOI worlds.
Feature Set. LionDesk handles so many aspects of real estate marketing, relationship & transaction management, it covers 90% of our workflow.

Drip campaigns (text & email) are powerful and easy to set up (once you understand the structure).
Steep learning curve, but once you understand the logic, the system makes perfect sense.
This was the worst service ever !! I paid $100 for the dialer and the crm was on a free trial,, tge service lagged the whole time ,, the dailer would not work kept calling the same number over and over just a nightmare,, when I canceled the service the same day,,THEY WOULD NOT REFUND MY $$, I WOULDN'T RECOMMEND THEM TO A DOG!!!
This was the worst service ever !! I paid $100 for the dialer and the crm was on a free trial,, tge service lagged the whole time ,, the dailer would not work kept calling the same number over and over just a nightmare,, when I canceled the service the same day,,THEY WOULD NOT REFUND MY $$, I WOULDN'T RECOMMEND THEM TO A DOG!!!
This was the worst service ever !! I paid $100 for the dialer and the crm was on a free trial,, tge service lagged the whole time ,, the dailer would not work kept calling the same number over and over just a nightmare,, when I canceled the service the same day,,THEY WOULD NOT REFUND MY $$, I WOULDN'T RECOMMEND THEM TO A DOG!!!
Overall, the experience has been good. I like that LionDesk has helped with my follow-up efforts. I really appreciate the templates available for email campaigns. 
I love the support team. When I ask a question, the turnaround time for an answer is usually short if not immediate. They follow-up to make sure my question is answered if they don't get a response. I do like the dashboard feature the most. I'm able to see at a glance the tasks I have scheduled for the day. 
I'm not sure I like the new version of the software. I really liked being able to record a video for email directly in the software. Now, I believe you can only record on the mobile app and/or you have to upload a video. Since there are limitations with that, sometimes the quality suffers. 
Overall I highly recommend LionDesk to any Realtor looking for an affordable CRM with essential features.
LionDesk can do most things a good CRM can do. Drip campaigns are very easy to set up. It helps me to respond back to potential leads quickly. It offers lower fees than most of the competitors in the market.
The software can be glitchy at times and the customer support needs improvement. I had a poor experience syncing contacts and leads into the system but the issue was resolved after reaching out to the support.
LionDesk is software platform helps to monitor sales force effective and efficiently.
Lead distribution within team based on several factors can manage and assign leads. Contact management is simplified. Very useful for campaign mail activity along with segregation functionality. 
CRM could be even better with technical and sales team integration features. Software need to enhance featuring technical team also.
 My Overall experiences has been positive! I have a few things that I would like to have changed, but for the price very good.
it very easy and different feature with my business. It is user friendly software. I like and love all the features that are easy to use. It's all features are amazing. This is a great software for non-techie individuals who want powerful, robust and easy to use CRM.


support is not great, hard to reach, turn around time is long for questions. 
Currently LDV1 is active but because of the refocus on V2 customer service is bad and LDV1 is becoming unstable, lags a lot, emails don’t send ect. 
The current version is great, affordable and it really is an awesome CRM... the best in my opinion and I’ve used a lot of them. See cons
Founder, in his infinite wisdom has decided that LD Version one was not good enough after several years of success has decided to completely create a new platform... LDV2! I’ve been testing this in its beta version and gone are some features that in my opinion are needed. Now they haven’t officially listed what will be gone or if there are going to be any new features but what I’ve been testing is absolute trash! The UI is trash, filters are trash and incomplete, gone is the Social Media search which was a nice feature of V1. What they are doing is trying to simplify the platform but it is more complicated than before. Don’t Waste Your Time. Personally, I’m going to ride the wave in but once they completely convert to LDV2 I’m done. Use wiseagent instead!
great value, more features available than needed, but good to know its there
Included with realtor board membership, means lower overall cost
The learning curve was steep at first due to many features. But, once overcome, its great.
I like it, I use, but I wish it was easier to use
I like the price of the product for the ammount of features it provides 
I do not find the software easy to use. I think they need to make it more clear. Sometimes less is more
Sales kept me on hold for over 30 minutes today.
Support differed on how to solve problems with a import mixup
I enjoyed the graphs and charts to see how I was doing compared to my goals.
The beta model took away some of the visual cues that I enjoyed.  Several times during the 2 year period I was with them the gmail sync  feature caused a duplication of my contacts in Liondesk.  I had 2900 in Gmail and Lion desk would mix and match info and creat 5000 (no exaggeration).
GREAT.
Company with a lot of quality, dynamics, price. Easy access super professional service. a lot of market view.
Company with a lot of quality, dynamics, price. Easy access super professional service. a lot of market view.
The contact administration help buil a lot of relationships with all kind of providers making my job of getting the best prices more easy.
The power dialer was a little confusing at the start, I think that you need a little more time to master all the aspects that this software has to offer. 
very easy to use and had so many features for the price
nothing to complain about. Liondesk is a great CRM
