I study at the Rotterdam University of Applied Sciences and  I have to make  schedules for project all the time. The usual schedule I make is a gantt-chart. This software is very easy to use, I didn't need any manual or anything. When it comes to quality it's very simular to Microsoft Project. It's great for people who just want to get done quick, check it out, I can tell you howe great it is all day long. But the best thing you can do is to try GanttPRO. 
 This software is very easy to use, I didn't need any manual or anything. When it comes to quality it's very simular to Microsoft Project. It's great for people who just want to get done quick, check it out, I can tell you howe great it is all day long. But the best thing you can do is to try GanttPRO. 
That you need internet to enter the application, maybe you should have an offline cloud construction. 
I've come across GanttPRO when looking for a software to keep me on track for my thesis project and so far it has great! It's easy to use and has great tools all in one place.
It's super easy to use (drag and drop tasks into the order you need them) and I love the fact that tasks can be color-coded. Another nifty feature is the ability to create links between tasks and thus create a sequence that automatically gets adjusted if a previous task is changed. One other benefit is the option to create a public link to share the chart with someone else — this has come in very handy when discussing my progress with my thesis adviser (without having to sign up for an account).
I wish some other features could be deactivated, for example, I have no collaborators for a certain project, therefore there is no need to assign the task to someone — the should automatically be assigned to the project owner in this case. 
Not bad, I will keep using for now or until I find something better.
I badly needed a fairly robust timeline tool to keep track of highly detailed project timelines that involve a number of tasks and sub tasks. GanttPro was the best that I could find.
Cost and ease of use. I am an experienced PM, so I know how to create timelines, but it may not be as easy for someone who needs to operate like a PM but isn't one, or who doesn't have as much experience creating timelines.
Great.
Easy to use, didn't need a manual. Compareble in quality to Microsoft Project.
That it doesn't have an offline feature. 
I think that its use is really intuitive and helps you to perform difficult actions easily.
I don't see any mistakes that I could think that are able to improve.

In the beginning, planning as time control and task assignment is very useful since it gives you a broad view of production per day, month and year. Also, I can calculate the performance of the operators.

As a practitioner, this tool was very useful, in the sense of ease of use and ease of navigation.
The test phase restricts you some tools and you cannot use the app to its 100%.
Overall my experience with GanttPro has been great.
GanttPro makes it incredibly easy to create Gantt charts and plan projects. Recently I was tasked with planning a project in one of my courses and excel wasn't cutting it. If I wanted anything to be done automatically in excel I had to put my own code in or use a premade template. These would always break or mess up in some way leading me to restarting. GanttPro just makes things easier in my opinion. You can easily create Gantt charts and also collaborate with other people. You can also assign tasks to those users that you are collaborating with which I found quite useful.
Its a little pricey if you have many users, but depending on your workload its worth it.
I'm doing the assignment of the INFO6007 course in USYD. This software provides a perfect environment to help with my assignment!
It is so easy to use and user-friendly especially the gantt chart is integrated as a whole. User can drag different tasks or milestones to any positions they want. The time could be zoomed in days, weeks, months or even quarters which provides a flexible UI to user. Attributes in filter can be hidden which satisfies different user's needs.
Haven't discovered yet. Maybe the exporting process could be run faster.
very visually pleasing graphs.
helpful undo options
I havent yet understood  the feature that automaticaly changes the date when adding a dependancy, not so user friendly. 

Tenho usado a plataforma para aprimorar e ter uma melhor noção de meus projetos acadêmicos e de pesquisa, até o momento ele tem me ajudado muito. Tenho ganhado bastante tempo livre com essa melhor alocação de tempo e tenho mantido os projetos dentro dos prazos já que o programa me ajuda a ter uma noção dos prazos. 
A facilidade de utilizar o programa é um ponto extremamente positivo, mesmo com poucas horas é possível ter uma boa noção de como o ele funciona. 
Por enquanto nenhuma reclamação a ser feita
Nice and simple UI, Jira integration. This features are very helpful for me and my team
Nothing special about this product, I liked almost everything!
Visually appealing, it looks very professional. The interface is quite persuasive in a good way. They offer a free live tutorial which describes perfectly how to use properly the project management tool, that helps me clear my initial doutbs about GanttPRO. I was able to discover that it was instead controlled by whatever subtask lasted the longest. My main concern is the limitation of the tools in the free version, simply if you are using it for the sole purpose of Gantt chart generation the price is too high for me. But if you use it as your project management tool it is acceptable with other solutions in both price and functions.
Visually appealing, it looks very professional. The interface is quite persuasive in a good way. They offer a free live tutorial which describes perfectly how to use properly the project management tool, that helps me clear my initial doutbs about GanttPRO. I was able to discover that it was instead controlled by whatever subtask lasted the longest. My main concern is the limitation of the tools in the free version, simply if you are using it for the sole purpose of Gantt chart generation the price is too high for me. But if you use it as your project management tool it is acceptable with other solutions in both price and functions.
Visually appealing, it looks very professional. The interface is quite persuasive in a good way. They offer a free live tutorial which describes perfectly how to use properly the project management tool, that helps me clear my initial doutbs about GanttPRO. I was able to discover that it was instead controlled by whatever subtask lasted the longest. My main concern is the limitation of the tools in the free version, simply if you are using it for the sole purpose of Gantt chart generation the price is too high for me. But if you use it as your project management tool it is acceptable with other solutions in both price and functions.
The software has a highly effective and easy to use UI, which is complimented by a vast array of features that make work life easier. It provides simple and effective tools (such as user-filtered Gantt Charts) that enable effective project management so that everyone can track their porgess on all of the assigned tasks and increase productivity. The software also bends and flexes easily if things go awry, extending deadlines and automatically compensating for the extra added time.
Overall this product is: Easy to use, Effective, Well designed and thought through
As an individual, the pricing strategy makes it difficult to justify, especially with users such as myself who work with many different teams from different organisations on the same project. Such cross-organisation collaborative work is not so easily catered for, but the features in the Individual liscence do just enough that you can get by.
Overall this product isn't: Easy to use if you work with teams from many different organsiations.
The project of my group is used for natural language processing. Because the project cycle is relatively long, we need time management very much, so I happened to use this software, he can change the time plan of our group in time, so that I can clearly understand me Where is the progress of the project?
The experience of using this software on the web is very good, I don't need to download the client to use it. Moreover, his user interaction is also great. I can choose which information needs to appear on the gantt chart and which is not. This is very useful for me who need a flexible gantt chart.
I think the software can give a color exchange scheme, so I can choose different colors for my gantt chart background
GranttPro is the perfect tool to manage any size of project with multiple parties and multiple tasks. My most important and sought after component is the ability to add dependencies to the gantt chart created in excel to allow better project management. GanttPro has this feature along many other useful features. Despite the cons shown in some reviews, a perfect dashboard can be created in power pivot also could bi visualised in power BI.
Excellent presentation
Dependencies
Quick adjustment
The free trial is limited for real pm tasks
everything is possible to do with this software. you can modify anything at anytime and the ctrl+cmd+z thing is amazing.
for real, I think that this software is complete. the ctrl+cmd+z thing is nice but maybe they should add a normal ctrl+z to undo easily.
The team was having issues with the planning, in construction activities. So i try to solve them with GANTT PRO and it worked. This Gantt Chart Planner permits to make a full planning with sliding tasks and attachments, so that you can make your planning slide in function of the changes of other societies. 
It also shows you the employees occupation so that you don't let a person without activity for a day. It's also a good way to implicate all the workers in the planning making, because all of them can see it online and adjust it in function of the real advancement of tasks. Finally, the simplicity of the software and all the options you can apply is his real advantage.
What I like the most about this software is the simple design of his gantt chart. 
A little improvement i can tell is to make a resources planner with the associated tasks and their names, to allow each employee to know their daily tasks.
Una herramienta fantastica, intuitiva y cumple totalmente mis espectativas, quiero probar la versión PRO para integrarla a mi grupo de desarrollo, estamos buscando herramientas de gestión y es clara candidata. Me decantaré por una u otra pero debo probar la versión completa.
Enhorabuena porque creo que es una herramienta muy conseguida y útil.
Ninguno de momento, he realizado de prueba un GANTT y todo perfecto, 
It's undoubtedly the best software for gantt 
The correlation between taks and milestones
Poor customization of colors and difficult exportation to pdf
existen herramientas de gestión de proyectos dedicadas a la planificación y seguimiento de tareas que utilizan el diagrama de Gantt como pantalla principal. Se introducen las tareas y sus procesos son capaces de producir una representación de dichas tareas en el tiempo en el formato del gráfico de Gantt. También existen herramientas de licencia libre y software gratis, capaces de llevar a cabo dicho tipo de operación. Se deben valorar, por último, el uso de herramientas que usan una página web y el navegador para realizar el seguimiento de proyectos.
es una herramienta gráfica cuyo objetivo es exponer el tiempo de dedicación previsto para diferentes tareas o actividades a lo largo de un tiempo total determinado. A pesar de esto, el diagrama de Gantt no indica las relaciones existentes entre actividades.
Se puede elaborar un diagrama de Gantt con una hoja de cálculo de una manera muy sencilla, marcando determinadas celdas para formar la representación de cada tarea. Existen macros que automatizan esta elaboración en MS Excel y Libre/OpenOffice Calc.
