We are getting a significant value out of this program.
Connections to devices and management of the network is great.  The ability to connect to devices quick and safely.
Sometimes it does not refresh quickly.  I think I need to customize my connections to be able to connect better.
Easy to manage multiple remote sessiosn, remote process mon, and remote registry have been very helpful.  
Push capability,  Remote Support tools are great for remote registry and remote process access has really benefited our support team.  It is an excellent all in one place for us to troublshoot client systems. 
Monitor resolution could be better, RC is limited to remote system display resolution.   Can be slow to connect at times.  
Installs on first use of connection.  Nothing to push or install before use.
Not really sure if there is anything "LIKE MOST" as this is the software that was given to me upon my arrival. 
Good for someone starting out in providing remote support as the monthly cost is low.
 I feel it is clunky and a little antiquated compared to other tools on the market. There is no integration (except AD) that I can find with other tools or software.  Many of the commands do not work in a large enterprise environment. We currently service over 500 endpoints and this software is just one of the many tools.  Would like to see more integration into AD

You get what you pay for. 
The best remote desktop support and server support software money can buy.
Universality, it really doesn't matter what group policies are enabled for remote desktop as long as there exists the ability to execute services as an administrator. 

The RPC ping feature is amazing as well when doing reboots of clients or servers. I really can't say how much I like that feature.  Just being able to reconnect after a reboot automatically is amazing.

Smart Card authentication is a much needed feature! Thanks for the addition.
Offline licensing is a pain. Copying keys, transporting cd's between air-gapped networks is a massive inconvience. If something could be done to shorten the key length to something speakable it would be a HUGE improvement.



Dameware is an excellent tool for remote support, especially we are using this tool during the pandemic.
Pro:
- we can provide remote IT support to our users
- Easy to use
- As an admin, you can access reports
Cons:
The technical support team reported it not easy to install or configure on MAC computers. the rest of the features works well for our Helpdesk.
We are export the setting from one computer to another
Very user-friendly  and it is leading remote control software, We can save the setting and remotely manage the clients.
It is not easy to use it via internet. I mean to connect from Internet is difficult. It would be great we can use it across the network. 
The remote connectivity is seamless and works exceeding well
There were some issue surrounding administrator access
Hi, 
Please send your best price quote for this request.
 
131851	rfq	DAME WARE SOFTWARE	1	PC
 
Thank you.
 
 
Regards,

Hi, 
Please send your best price quote for this request.
 
131851	rfq	DAME WARE SOFTWARE	1	PC
 
Thank you.
 
 
Regards,

Hi, 
Please send your best price quote for this request.
 
131851	rfq	DAME WARE SOFTWARE	1	PC
 
Thank you.
 
 
Regards,

I'm able to get into user's PCs with no issue, it blacks out their screen so they know they're being monitored and i'm able to remotely control the machines to resolve the issue, never had I a program so easy to use that I could work remotely, it's awesome!
Registration was a problem, it seemed like there was too many hoops to get through to register the program, once done it was fine, but on more than one occasion it's caused me to walk away from my PC in frustration.
Good remote tool to force onto computers when other tools fail.
Dameware is the best guarantee for remote connection when other tools fail. It does not prompt end user to approve which works great for users that walk away or doing unnecessary tasks.

Many options may clutter for what you use to software unless versed in training manual. This most likely is due to lack of complete training on my part.
The ease of use is the best part is will connect to even to any pc on our domain, and allows us to chat with and see all screens. Even when not at our own desks it allows ease of access to others.
Only cons I have found is sometimes it will disconnect and have a longer then ideal timeout. Other then this No major cons are found other then small functionality stuff such as button labels can be confusing.
Using Dameware has increased our response time to a user's issue. Instead of having to travel to the machine we can easily take over the machine remotely and work out the issue from our desks.
Dameware is extremely easy to use and deploy. Connecting to a remote workstation in Dameware simply requires you to provide the name of the workstation you are connecting to along with username and password. Dameware connects to the machine and installs the remote client on the workstation with no user intervention.
There is not a lot that I would say negative about Dameware. Perhaps the lookup of previously connected to workstations could be made a little quicker by having an autofill of historical workstation searches.
Easily able to help out people by jumping into their computer.
It's very easy to use and just about no training is needed to set it up and get it going.  It's my go to tool for Remote Access.
I'm sure there could be more functionality with this software but it's great for people that just want to use it for basic reasons.
Things I mentioned in my review, being able to connect to the end users workstation as soon as they call to review the issue with them, and even having the chance to resolve the issue remotely. Pulling software that is installed on their machine via the software utility, as well as printer info and more. Very helpful tool!
We can remotely connect into the users computer, resolve the issues from our desk, provides additional tools such as command line, software reports, printer reports, so many options and things to pull that help the support process.

By having this software we are able to connect to the end users machine real time as soon as they call and assist quicker than having to go to their workstation.
For us it is the best solution as we use it daily for the local Remote Desktop support.
Quick connexion.
Well our technicians use this solution for Remote Desktop support, easy to use, uses VNC modules for the remote, as when we need to replace a computer we can have all the informations about computer and all software installed, can use terminal remote or visual remote.
Eat to set up the agent and. To integrate it with the machines deployment.
An easily deployed solution that allowed me and my team to remote into workstations to assist end users with issues. 
The thing I like most about Dameware is the ease of deployment. We have over 400 workstations and as long as you provide credentials that have admin privileges on the machine then dameware will install itself. This was a significant improvement over Teamviewer which was our previous solution.
The only con I have about the software is that the interface could be more intuitive. It is very easy for your list of computers to get messy and unorganized. It doesn't seem to have any way to sort them that I can tell except for manually moving and creating folders. 
Works great.
Easy, quick, works great.  Excellent price. 
Their customer portal is terrible.  Just terrible.  A simple renewal is like pulling teeth.  Licenses, license managers, all of it about half-working and necessitating a call to tech support every damn time it's time to renew.
Not have to go on site to trouble shoot users machines. Quickly and effectively assist our users
It is easy to use and quick to launch. It requires basically no training for our newer techs that have never used a Remote Support tool before. 
I wish that it had some sort of file or installer push built in. It also does not work for users that are not connected to our network, but may be in our domain.
Easy to use. I like how i can group them by OU. Label them and relabel. We have a lot of turnover in some depts.
Id love to be able to use this like teamviewer for departments off our network. we have to use teamviewer as of right now. If we could keep it under 1 application, that would be great. 
Quickly troubleshoot remote desktops with this software.  You will recover your costs quickly with saved time with this software.
I like the speed and ease of using this software.  It has saved us hundreds of hours by giving us a quick tool to troubleshoot end user issues without having to  go onsite.  It's more than just a remote desktop connection, you get multiple authentication options and can maintain connects, sign in/out, etc. all while staying connected to the remote computer.
We discovered some Windows 10 compatibility issues with our current version that we are working through (mostly by upgrading to the latest version).
