Zoho analytics offers excellent service for preparing management reporting for many small businesses,hence it offers great value for small investment
The best part of this software is its integration capabilities with our existing softwares & applications. the standard features & functionalities offers great service
the tech support and response could be far better from their customer service

Zoho Analytics is useful allows me to share reports and also the email programming is effective. I can easily integrate applications with other databases. I have access to create custom reports which is very easy to make. I consider it easy to use.
I would say yes, zoho analytics could be more than it would currently with an improve in image visualization to brings text contents to life 
I like the functionality of the reports feature and the friendly use of them. It has allowed me to show my managers that we are making great progress when it comes to bring in more money, providing faster support resolution times to issues, increased communication for sales and support. 
I currently do not have any cons in regards to Zoho Reports at this time. This feature is solid and I can only tell that it is improving by the day. Great Job!
Zoho Reports is the best analytics tool with low monthly cost which suites the pockets of even the starter company. the zoho reports also provide the powerful api to customize the reports as the company needs.
zoho reports suites the best for all size if the company. and has no negativity marking to the services. has the best customer support tooo
Uma ferramenta muito boa, atendendo a maior parte das necessidades.
Gosto mais da flexibilidade em adaptar as caraterísticas para as diversas realizadas de serviços.
a não possibilidade de se utilizar identificadores como imagens nos graficos, como icones para masculino e feminino, etc.
Zoho is easy to use and has a short learning curve.  The staff in our office learned to use it in a very short time and the functions that we use it for is quite complicated.  It has various features that make it easy to use and understand.
It quite often runs slowly.  One day you will be doing one of the functions and the next day it won't work correctly, then the next day it might be working again.  The reporting in the system doesn't seem to work correctly so we had to program a work around it which is somewhat cumbersome.  We do our billing from this program and it is very awkward to print because you have to go into each invoice separately and print them individually.  We have had to create other reports but Zoho limits it to 300 records so we had to divide the report up into three sections and print each section separately.  I would say that the reporting is the worst feature.  Also, occasionally Zoho will update something without informing us, this will often effect the functionality of the program.
Zoho Analytics is the most powerful and customizable reporting tool I have used so far. It has an awesome and sleek design that makes it easy to use. Allow users to connect to multiple data sources seamlessly. It allows you to easily embed the data on other websites. Reports can be easily created whereas existing ones can be modified on a need basis. 

Number of users is limited based on tier. The free tier allows a maximum of 2 users. Requires special knowldge of SQL quueries to generate reports from database sources.
the feature is good and working properly
working  properly and good function the feature is good and working properly
the feature is good and working properly
Organizes data
I like that it integrates with our application so we can pull reports together without having to build them ourselves. It is nice that you can create many different types of graphs to visualize your data.
It isn't super intuitive on how to built the reports and it can be difficult to figure out which data points are what.
Overall a brief experience so far but I know I have help and support if ever I need it. Very easy to use so far.
It's very clear when it comes to viewing current months figures against targets and identifying relevant trends.
Nothing negative to say. I am fairly new to the software but slowly getting my head around it all. Very user friendly.
n/a
Affordable option for manipulating data/reports, very quick and seamless setup and integrates into Zendesk quite easily.
Hard to use interface, Support team is helpful but it takes a few attempts in outreach before they are responsive
Best of a kind for analytics, it can be embedded on a lot of types of web pages, on-premise, auto-generated reports, data preparation, forecasts and big security.
I use it mainly for LMS project for analytics of streaming videos as well as private dashboards. Data can tell many things and Zoho Analytics can connect with many types of databases and storage types making it the perfect choice. We love the auto-generated reports and the predictive analytics as it helps with the content making and customer retargeting.
The prices are a little high but it does worth it overall because of the quality and the variety of the tools provided with the analytics suite.
We are using Zoho Analytics to create Dashboards and increase automation at our company.  It is mainly a visualization tool, chosen because it is standardized whereas something like Excel often varies based on the user.
The software has numerous features to avail of, barring you take some time to explore the program and learn them.  The graphics produced are clean and effective.
Some of the settings are cumbersome.  I have been having trouble with widgets, and getting Dashboards to update/sync with graphs when their source data is changed.  When you add a new filter, you have to reset all of the filters, which is a time-waster and annoying.
Excellent software.
Very effective and easy to use at very low cost. 
Essential Mobile business intelligence and Analytics software for any business.
And wonderful software. 
You can't create reports.
You can't create viewers on your phone in the browser version. 
Good software if all you want to do but if you want more, don't bother. 
We use Zoho to keep track of our clients. It is well organized and easy to use. Plus you can keep a lot of information in there.
The notes section is in a weird place on the account pages and searching can sometimes be a hassle because there are a lot of steps to make sure you’re searching correctly. 
The ease of use, the reporting and monitoring system is very interesting
The ease, security and trust with the brand
The value seems a bit high to me, it is understandable by its positioning
Ease of use which allow to create report and dashboard with much external help.
Team need to look into the GUI improvement ,
Simply, we have transform the routines of our organization, report for board and department, share information with suppliers and customer, etc.
Analytics is the in the core of the company
It is easy the deployment in one complex organization.
Easy integration between several apps (Salesforce, projects, excel tables, automatic alert and report, etc.
We should integrate easily with SAP
IMprove the order of the report, pivot, and dash board. 

