So easy to use from a phone or laptop. I love the way I can restart a server from my phone from anywhere. I don't need to set up firewall ports fro remote access which is a great security feature alone
Can be a bit confusing about which app you can use on what i.e. Remote on a laptop but not the phone. Only one session at a time on the cheaper option for smaller businesses.
Suitable for monitoring Windows and Linux, using a very light agent.

Easy to setup for pretty advance monitoring, gives a good insight.

Does lack SNMP MiB support, but that should be on the roadmap. Has a great SNMP-Walker
Well written and affordable. I usually know the server is down before my Clients contact me. Peace of mind knowing all systems go.
With a growing number of RMM vendors going the way of the venture capital playground, Pulseway is a refreshing return to sanity, especially for small and growing MSPs. Pulseway caters to what really matters most to me in all the important areas, and its support staff has demonstrated ample interest in helping me grow my business.
Pulseway provides me with quick, distraction-free insight and access to everything I need to stay proactive in a simple, uncomplicated Dashboard — without the clutter, noise and feature-bloat of most other RMM platforms.

Real-time endpoint status indicators and alerts, along with the added bonus of remote background management, enable problem remediation without impacting users.

Best of all, the price is right — with Pulseway, I pay for what I use and no longer have to be burdened with minimums and long-term contracts.
Pulseway Remote Desktop currently lacks support for Remote Printing and is not available for macOS at the moment.

The lack of Patch validation and vetting, in the face of Microsoft's notorious history of buggy patch releases, leaves MSPs to their own wits and due diligence of pre-deployment patch testing.

Nonetheless, Pulseway management has proven to be responsive to its customers' needs, and I remain hopeful that these shortcomings will be addressed in some future release of the RMM platform.
Excellent. 10/10 recommended. We've been using Pulseway for almost a year now, and mostly for remote software deployment and I need to tell you that it has been seemles.
It's very easy for your IT team to remotely manage your whole network of devices, especially with the big chance that the pandemic brought and everyone working from home. It helps them to monitor the software that they use, new software deployment and avoids security breaches.
It provides an extensive range of stuff that the manager can do. Still, the user interface is almost nonexistent, at least when you are using it on a Windows computer, and it is blocked to be only used by the Administrator.
Il y a quelques années alors que mon entreprise connaissait quelques soucis de réseau, j'ai contacté un ami ingénieur informatique pour qu'il diagnostique et résolve mon problème. Ce qu'il a fait en utilisant Pulseway et en m'enseignant son fonctionnement. Depuis, je m'en sers tous les jours puisque j'ai rapidement remarqué qu'il améliorait l'efficacité de mon réseau et minimisait les coûts des besoins informatiques.
Simple d'utilisation et facile à configurer, Pulseway est un précieux et prestigieux logiciel de surveillance et de gestion à distance du ou des réseaux. Et garantit leur efficacité en surveillant leur santé et leurs performances à partir d'une simple console centrale.En plus, il peut se déployer à partir de serveurs locaux, contient une multitude de modules très pratiques et contrôle aisément les mises à jour de Windows. Sans omettre l'intégration de l"Anti-virus de Kaspersky. 
Le tableau de bord mériterait d'être amélioré pour mieux gérer les flux de processus et de travail.
Very positive.  It is very helpful and saves time.
Able to restart all production computers with one touch.
Would like to be able to remote assist with the program
I love the pricing. I pay far less than what I would pay with other RMM providers. I get more than I pay for with Pulseway. I manage hundreds of computers as the sole IT provider for my company. I tried multiple competitors software before deciding on Pulseway. The others were cumbersome or had licensing that did not fit what we needed to do. With Pulseway I pay for what I need, no more.
There are areas that Pulseway lacks in, the predominant being MAC usage. My only complaint is not being able to push MAC updates, and use the remote desktop App on a MAC.
Easily manage way more PCs that I would normally have managed. Are managing a lot more problems so can focus only on the bigger picture issues that need addressing.  Really makes you shine as an IT Support Provider and as such helps to grow your business. 
Love that there is a mobile app for me to monitor everything from anywhere. It is simple to monitor and manage and takes difficult tasks and makes them easy. Every IT administrator should use it. 
Some lag in functionality as it is a cloud product but not enough to put me off. Time difference between myself and support meaning I have to wait overnight to get some answers/action. 
Ease of use and relatively low learning curve. Features work
No real cons. Used to have some trouble navigating the UI but these concerns were addressed in the latest big update. 
This platform gives me great technological help in the administrative process of the entire IT system and departments of the company and also keeps me informed in real time of all the devices that are active.



Pulseway allows me to fully visualize the process of the operating system of the company that runs in IT, it is very significant for our organization to observe how the activity is presented on the network, the attention that deserves to be attentive to all the complexities and routines such as the verification of the temperature of the CPU, on the other hand we will always be aware of the activity that the system presents, since we will always be alerted at the time of any problem. A very important aspect of this platform is that it is not necessary to schedule IT tasks manually, because your system performs them automatically in the background.

I consider that Pulseway is a platform that presents very significant technological characteristics and properties, so I am very satisfied with the service it has provided me so far.

