outstanding!
the automation and ease of use. Great value
nothing that I can think of. The software is very intuitive
It took a bit to get used to but now it is opened up daily on our front desk for contacts and communication.  The upgrades to email design meant we were able to stop using Mailchimp.
We use this daily for our website pop-up coupon feature.  We also design all our newsletter and weekly emails for current clients and for new clients.
Still don't understand the purpose of a landing page?
We have been very happy with them. I don't think the reviews come in as much as they did when we had other companies we worked with but we get other great features with this product all in one place.
We love all the features Referrizer offers in one place! The texting is easy to use, the mass emails and texts are as well, contacts all in one spot and review 
The cost can be very difficult each month and checking in contacts that don't always come into our building to connect to our wifi is also difficult. If we don't check them in then they don't get the texts to ask for a review. 
my experience in this regard, easier to use and very helpful to me in working
works well and is more efficient and easy to use
further improved to make it better.thankyou
Overall good experience. looking forward to more training to become more familiar with all it has to offer.
Initial ease of use even though I"m fairly tech and social media illiterate. Able to put together an offer that brought in business quickly. First offer on Facebook brought in 4 new clients in 4 days.
Initial training was good ... but need more ... my lack of knowledge and experience doesn't help. More Training is coming just not easy for me to integrate easily.
Cleanliness.
Transparency

Cleanliness.
Transparency
Easy to use

Cleanliness.
Transparency

Cleanliness.
Transparency
I am really enjoying my experience
Easy to use and customer support is great.
A phone app would be nice to maneuver dashboard on the go 
Positive 
Takes some of the responsibility off me and I can just concentrate on my clients.
No difficulties yet. [SENSITIVE CONTENT] made it a easy transition.
Customer service with [SENSITIVE CONTENT] is great! 
It gets me reviews quicker because sometimes I forget to ask
Email templates are not all free or generated automatically 
I have a great experience with Referrizer. Their customer service is great, they asre fast and I feel supported all the way. 
The bring good reviews really fast. I got more reviews in 30 days than in 3 years of business.
I do not care much for the smart line since I do not have time to answer any phone anyway
I like that Referrizer was able to install the widget on our website.  We've had several people respond to our special offer stated on the pop-up.   Referrizer has been great in scheduling several one-on-one  Zoom sessions to discuss how I can use the software more effectively.  Another great feature is the ability to do a themed campaign at special holidays such as Valentine's Day, St. Patrick's day and so on.  The support people at Referrizer are always friendly and willing to help ... love that!!
The software is relatively easy to use and it includes features that are very helpful for marketing the services we offer and keeping track of both new and existing clients.  I also like that we are not bombarded with extra features that are not useful for our particular business.
Nothing I dislike yet.  I've been using the software for only a short period.
Drag-and-drop functionality for email marketing is invaluable for those without coding knowledge, interface is clean and uncluttered, very easy to use and understand
Support could be a little faster, and there have been some login issues from time to time. The loyalty program is a little tricky at first but it is also pretty good. Reporting could be a little more robust, but it definitely tells you what you need to know.
my clients now have a way to increase their customer base.
When setting up my merchants with payment services, I have referred this software to them so they can have a way to increase their customer base and gain more repeat visits from their customers.
setup the offers and testing the offers on iphone and android devices
Ease of generating and contacting leads. 
I wish that there was a way to have the texts come from my business #.
I have been very happy with Referrizer, they have been an excellent marketing tools for me bringing in many new clients and helping me to automate more of my business.
Referrizer is easy to use, keep me on track and in touch with clients and helped my get a ton of reviews which brings in new clients!
More free templates would be helpful as well as access to images. Also the exchange rate is always problematic as I pay in CDN $$. 
They are always so willing to help.  Tech support is fast and accurate.  
Everything - the lead generation aspect.  
does not integrate with one of the largest Spa Management Software - Vagaro.  Keep raising prices.  
It has been a good overall experience and I believe to date I see and am getting appropriate value to continue. I think with more time using the system, I will experience even great value.
The product is very complete and intuitive. [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] creates emails and offers for special days of the year that I can send directly to my customers and that is a great benefit. [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] has also been very attentive to my learning style and because of that I very satisfied with my progress and uptake.
It takes some effort to learn and get the most out of especially concerning campaigns for both text and emails and landing page development. I may not be there yet because I am a month into using the system but I want more analytics. Also, when beginning my service, all services were not available to me and that was a little annoying. 
improving our reach and online exposure have been big parts of the benefits received from Referrizer
We really appreciate the communication tools that Referrize provides for us.  Texting is so easy to use and provides such a huge impact. We also tripled the number of reviews on Google in just a couple of months
I would love to see some more templates available for both email and text
Referrizer is an integral component of our lead capture, review capture and email marketing efforts. We recommend Referrizer to all businesses - especially small ones like ours. 
The lead capture component is a critical aspect of us getting new clients.  Additionally, through the review feature we have built a strong online standing. 
Reporting was an issue in the past, but the recent features and enhancements in this area have addressed the gap.
From the marketing demo to my tech marketing guru I have loved every minute of working with these people and the speed at which they respond - my little life savers!! 
How many people it can reach and at a pace that works for me 
It’s a tad tricky learning to use it but as it becomes more familiar it’s my new BFF 
