This product is helping us to visualize our data and make it more dynamic for stakeholders. 
This is a great business intelligence. You can connect data from just about any source. And there are easy ways to customize your reporting. 
There is nothing I dont like about this product.
I have use powerpoint for years. Most recently create images and diagrams to share with others  about my designs. I of course prepare an occasional slide presentation with it as well.
I like that you can make engaging presentations easily I especially like the design ideas feature that helps you format your slides easily based on the content of each slide.
when organizing pictures and texts onto a slide it can be difficult to order everything to look nice but also be easy to read as well. As well as when posting a video to a slide, it sometimes does not allow the video to play directly on the slide instead you have to open it in separate window
We automated the process of reporting our team's KPIs that was carried out in Excel previously where we had to re-make them every time and spend hours. Not to mention that we were able to report more complex KPIs / parameters after Power BI.
It is a good analytical tool which simplifies complexities in producing articulate reports and good especially when it being used by people without much programming knowledge. The visuals are great and integrates excellently with other Microsoft applications . It is also very easy to deploy and work with
Being a fan of Power BI can't find as much. But when it comes to teaching to someone else I found that learning curve is long. Another issue I can mention here is frequent updates and installing updates of desktop Power BI. Many times I need to uninstall old version and install new one to keep it updated.
Very powerful tool to make dashboards and get data analysis in a very fast and efficient way
It is not easy to connect local data that is hosted in your onw laptop like Excel sheets to corporate dashboards
I like Power Bi as a tool for tracking customer's value. It allows me to see how much product my customers have purchased throughout the year and compare those numbers to prior years. This is great when making calls and to see if they are up or down.
The app is horrible and i'm very limited on things i can add and ways to see the data
I have been using presentation software since Aldus Persuasion. When Adobe, who Aldus merged with, discontinued Persuasion, I had to switch to the much less capable in this software. Over the years, This software added in some of the cool features of Persuasion. But it took Microsoft several years to make it work as smoothly as Persuasion and they never got it completely right. But it was the only option, at the time. Eventually, Apple introduced Keynote for Mac, which included most of what had been in Persuasion and much more. It took them a couple of years to get it right. But during that time, they kept adding in new features. The more I used Keynote, the less I liked this software. I have found Keynote to be a far superior product, both in features and ease of use. I can quickly and easily do things in Keynote that totally baffle this software pros. This software never was all that good, to begin with.

I always like this software when it comes to meetings since it is a simple and straightforward method to follow. Without a doubt, in this software, you should believe that you will not encounter a possible customer or location that will not be able to use whatever creation you make for it. It's also very versatile, which allows its users' additional capabilities, including slideshows, the flexibility to perform various tasks. Anyone in the organization can supply content, photographs, embeddable polling, and videos. I like the ability to import, resize, rotate and animate images with ease that rivals many graphic artist programs. There's several different ways to add and delete slides from a presentation, and advancing or rewinding slides is as easy as pushing arrow keys on the keyboard or using a presenter remote. This software gives access to a large library of design templates and themes to give your presentation its own unique feel, and the program groups some of the most commonly used commands on a ribbon for quick access.

This software has its own peculiarities, just as other Microsoft products do. While some of the demonstration systems are more user-friendly, the more complex they are, the more satisfying they are. Although certain types of drawing are important for the production of unique artwork, it is not always desirable to produce copies, particularly when trying to create something from scratch. You should create the images yourself in Illustrator or something similar, and then upload them to this software to get the quality you don't get in the presentation files.It's far more difficult to do some transitions in this software than in Keynote for Mac. It's like you're doing things that it was not designed to do. There are also some transitions that I do in Keynote that I have yet to figure out a way to do in this software.

Using Power BI is an eye-opener to the world of Data. It is amazing how powerful the app is. We have managed, and are using to analyze our past and current data worth of 25 years with the help of Power BI. Easy to use and understand User Interface and I can get trained on the application online. Win-win for me.
PowerBI Desktop and 365 are both powerful and do not compromise of features. It helps us analyze and extract meaningful data that helps management make an important decision for the future. We have identified our top clients and best flying routes by the help of Power BI. We have also used the marketplace to download some custom made charts that make it easy for data visualization. Beast feature is that I can import my Excel workbook in the Power BI and start working from where I left off.
There are no Cons to the application. It works on a machine and also works online. Very powerful
My overall experience I can explain in just word  "amazing ". 
I just loved it because it offers data warehouse capabilities including data preparation, data discovery and interactive  dashboard . And it is easy to use as someone who is not good can also learn very easily to use it . For me it was very easy to connect people and to visualize data ,creating memorable reporta personalized with brands.  
The only which I didn't like was my scanner sometime stopped working other it was all good.
A easy to use business intelligence product, with Power Bi you can create visualization and easy to understand reports
The system has a robust amount of features that need further development such as sharing reports and the system can be confusing to novice.
I like the interface that it creates when creating charts that we need. And the simple command it takes.
At first, you need to make a better understanding of Microsoft Power BI. It just takes a little time to manage it completely.
It's an easy tool to use for data visualization and pretty flexible to integrate with other tools.
It's very flexible and easy to use. Creating dashboards is pretty simple in Power BI and it's very cheap.
Lack of inbuilt features and it has a limit of 1GB per dataset.
Overall, five out of five stars. It has a very user-friendly interface for front-users. 
The ability to generate visually pleasing Dashboards was a great feature of the program. In addition, the platform is able to quickly connect with various data sources ranging from access databases, SQL databases, excel spreadsheets, and other systems.
This software involved local installation as opposed to a cloud based interface. This was a negative in terms of the initial setup of the software. However, once installed, this presented a non-issue.
Overall, the software is well structured and provides a good user experience and valuable insights into data which can be used to identify leads and make better business decisions.  However as a user you need to be willing to learn.
The Power BI software has a demo which makes it easy to learn the software before you invest in it. It has excellent visualization and cleaning and preparation tools which allows you to view your data from different perspectives. Data embedding in social networking websites and sharing of data is easy. The desktop application can be downloaded at no cost and allows for data exchange with Sales Force, Google Analytics, MS Excel and a range of other data sources which can broaden the scope of its usage. Because it is cloud based this has accessibility advantages regardless of where you are located geographically. 

Upgrading to Power BI Pro costs as little as $9.99 a month and offers even more cool features such as building dashboards with a 360-degree real-time view and the ability to publish reports anywhere. You can also use it for a 30day free trial period. Overall, the software provides a good user experience and valuable insights into data which can be used identify leads and make better business decisions.
The Power BI Premium version costs $4,995 a month and this can be a bit out of cost range for smaller Organisations. The tool has vast features and additional training is almost always needed to get the full benefits which requires some time and a reasonable learning curve. The interface can get crowded and the formulas are a tad bit rigid. Although these are somewhat general users who commit themselves find the Pros to be more enticing than the Cons. Data limitations also reduce 
I am using PowerBI on daily basis and switched all our Excels around the team (and soon, the company) to this more powerful and effective way of showing data.
It is really painful to obtain what you want, and very often you would think of switching back to Excel, but at the end of the day it gives you much more satisfaction, especially the web presentation part.
It has tons of connectors and it is really well connected with the most common databases both in the strict sense of the word, like SQL Server, MySQL, etc and in a broader sense, like JIRA or SAP
It is very complex to master and it has a very perverse way to manage data. It is impossible to use it out of the box, and you need to learn how to code it to do what you need
: I use PowerPoint every day for my work and my hobbies. For my work, it is presentations, presentations, presentations. For my home life, it is birthday cards, invitations, collages, floor plans and so on. Still I have a few suggestions for PowerPoint from my personal experience. 1) Despite a big number of ready-to-go slide designs, it is still hard to find the one I like. There are many colorful designs, but not so many plain but nice designs, which would be appropriate for presenting serious or you can say boring data. 2) Another nice feature would be automatically removing white backgrounds in inserted pictures. Often I am not able to use any of the nice slide designs as they look ugly with all the white-background pictures, which cover elements of slide designs. 3) There is a very nice and useful collection of clip arts in PowerPoint. You can search clip arts by keywords, and it gives you plenty of options in different styles. But often it is hard to find clip arts for a single slide in the same style. So, it might make using clip arts annoying and time-consuming. I believe PowerPoint would benefit a lot if Microsoft works more on the clip art feature.
PowerPoint is a canonic software for creating presentations. It is a must-have if you work with data. It allows you adding text, tables, shapes, pictures, plots, video, animation. There are numerous templates for slide layouts, text formatting, table design. There is a comment section for each slide, which is very convenient. Compatibility with other Microsoft software is pretty good. For example, you can copy your data or plot directly from your Excel table to your PowerPoint slide. Another worth-mentioning feature is in-built vector drawing. Surely, it is not even close to Adobe Illustrator or CorelDraw but it is pretty decent. And if you do not want to pay for another software you can easily create a simple vector illustration and save it in a raster format.
The weakest part of PowerPoint is its compatibility between different platforms. If you work exclusively on Windows machines, you are fine. Once you open your presentation on Mac or iOS mobile devices, your formatting gets crazy and video and animation stops working.
With Power BI we identify patterns, issues and opportunities in sales, marketing, operations, supply chain, people management and finance data.  The ways to look at the data and the drilling capabilities make this a wonderful tool
1. Improves with new releases every two weeks
2. Powerful insight management
3. Integration with MS products
4. Online forums and learning zones
1. Not as intuitive as packaged applications, but getting there
2. Not a good IDE for Python / R
3. Connectors to social media need to be improved
You can customize and visualize your data efficiently. It also has a huge library for charts. Its abilities are unlimited because Power BI can connect R, Python, and Javascript.
Nothing. So far I did a lot of project on Power BI and didn't see any problems which cannot be solved.
In our business, we need to analyze big number of data and have to present those numbers in a very smarter way to make them more convenient to the audience. We use Microsoft Power BI for this purpose. The dashboard is a simple visualization of the data which helps the management to strategize the business. The management can easily identify the business gaps and generate ideas for fulfilling those areas.
Microsoft Power BI is an amazing application with plenty of effective features. The most used features by me are - data importing, data analysis, different type of visualization sign, power pivot, vivid and vibrant dashboard, slicers and filters in the dashboard etc.
Microsoft Power BI is bit of complex application for the new user but through regular practice it will be a business as usual software to you.
The main business problem solved with this software is data accuracy and yield monitoring. I've had an amazing experience with Power BI because I use it to analyze the behavior of my product day by day. I can see how a lof of any material impact X production date. I can see best and worst scenarios and define effective corrective actions only using the data Power BI shows. 

I think is a great tool to track not only the process, because we also use the app to track actions completions, document control, etc. 
I like how easy is to customize, I'm able to select the categories I want to filter my data, deploy the data in days, failures. I really love this app because I can see where I had a gap in the process and have traceability of what've run . 
We monitor yield by line, shift and station daily, weekly and monthly. Refreshing the data is very slow, I need to wait more than 15 minutes to see the data of a week updated. 
Excellent I love it
The performance of this software surprised me. It works very very good!
Difficult at the beginning. But, once you get used to it is amazing
