PODIO has amazing functionality but getting team members to adopt it can be difficult. The user interface is clean but very boring. The learning curve for folks who are not software fans is high.
Webforms, automated workflows, and data parsing are all huge strengths
Many people do not like using it.
We are trying to record datas of our clients and so far the resulting in quiet fast. Though we can't just click in every information because it gives you the access right away to edit the info. No clicking of edit buton. So far it is very useful in our company because the information we needed to include for our client is already provided. I give them two thumbs up.
It helps organize products and services
Easy to search names
Easy to edit
User friendly 
Useful
Simple
Can easily be edited by anyone who has access in it so better honesty and work with care when clicking info because it lets you edit right away. 
We use this in IT for ticket registrations, inventory of all the hardware (PC, scanners, printers, ...). In Podio we also keep track of all the users in our organizations, which is then linked to their workstation( PC, screen, ...). Pretty useful to collaborate.
What I like most is the flexibility of the software. You can pretty much use this for everything (invoices, inventory, user management, etc). It's to be designed to your own desires. Also you can share with external organizations.
It's pretty expensive I heard, and there is quite a lot of slowness in podio (downtime). But mostly fixed very fast.
Is the best team/project/company management app I ever used.
It allows you to install a mobile app.
You can manage teams, add members, provide limited access, etc.
It has preloaded workspaces.
Great client management system too.
N/A. All features, functions, tools work for any kind of organization.
I loved Podio for a while until I discovered Trello. Much easier to onboard.
Its fairly easy to use once you get used to its functions. 
Homepage was useless for the most part. Its not pretty to look at. Automations are super confusing. 
Podio is very easy to use and to develop.  The time to create new data collections and implement them is minimal.
Podio lacks basic record level security.  You can only set user permissions on an entire workspace.  We had to resort to separate workspaces and custom programming to get around this issue.
Collaborative project management. 
The program is amazing allows customization at several levels is very functional and has a very good customer support. 
The bigest challenge using this program was the set up of it, it required a bit of knowledge (and so support from other teams) to get it going. 
My experience with Podio has been very positive.  If I have a question, I can pose it on Podio and typically someone has an answer because they've experienced the situation, or thought of a solution to my concern/problem.  It's like a giant, interactive, messaging, bulletin-board where professionals share information.
Podio allows me to connect with colleagues in the same field across the country.  We can share resources,  ideas, post articles and forms, etc.  I'm fairly new to my position, so this software has been a great tool in helping me connect with colleagues and educational and training materials, etc.  I love that I can find a ton of resources and don't have to recreate the wheel. 
What I like least about Podio is that I don't seem to have all of the individual's whom I've been in contact with contact information-I have to request their phone number. email, etc.   
It seems like it's capable of a lot, but I still have no idea how to use it. I think I've updated a project, then find out I've changed a template. Or something. I don't know.
Podio is awesome.  For some reason it reminds me of the Campaign Builder within Infusionsoft but for process development instead of automated marketing.  Podio is powerful once you figure it out.
Podio is flexible.  Any Process flow you can map, can be created in Podio.  I have used Podio in multiple industries.  Marketing, Human Resources, Accounting, just to name a few.
Podio has an outdated visual interface.  Overall the application isn't as intuitive as other Project Collaboration tools that I have used.
The ability to customize Podio to look and act exactly how you need it to is by far the best benefit. We've been able to create "apps" inside Podio for tracking everything we need from support tickets, billing, inventory, projects, receipts, to name a few, and even one to inform clients of project status automatically.
The mobile app experience for Podio is lacking with limited control of views within different apps and slow response time when updating at times.
It's cheap, fairly easy to use, and customizable. It allows you to store a good amount of data discreetly into work space categories

Mass upload is a mess. Does not make relationships in the best way, and makes the data hard to pull. It also lacks good reporting.
We've been evaluating Podio for several months, and while they have a truly groundbreaking concept (create your own apps without programming), somebody wasn't really thinking it all through while they created it.

The most appalling oversight is the lack of support for real "contacts" (customers). 

While Podio makes it super-easy (perhaps too easy) to link collaborators with the apps you create to work with clients, clients themselves are a nightmare.

Instinctively, your gut will tell you, "Wow - This is easy... I'm pulling in my contacts with just a few clicks," BE CAREFUL... Those are being treated as collaborators & staff, not as real customers, and you'll rip your hair out trying various workarounds before realizing they just blew it, and there is no workaround.

To their credit, Podio seems to be taking an interest in the gripes about this fatal design flaw in their user forums, and hopefully, will step up to the plate to get it fixed, but until then, it's just a nifty idea.

it was mostly just interesting to be introduced to
It's easy to figure out and everything is pretty straight forward. I can see it being good for the organizationally challenged.
It doesn't play well with other software or formats. Permissions also time out when you don't expect them to
Overall- this is the main CRM software my company uses.  It was sink or swim for me.  I did a lot of research while home (after work).  It should be easily adapted to new employees , in my opinion.  Even now, 2 years later, I still struggle at times , figuring out the available functions, etc.  
I like the ability to upload as many docs as needed for the project/customer.  All departments (in my workplace) can view what is going on with the project.  It keeps the project organized and allows as many details as needed. 
Podio to me, isn't user friendly.  It took quite some time to learn the quirks and how to maneuver through the different pages for the project.  Definitely could use some enhancements.  
We tried to do project management inside of the software, it was really only strongly used by a few people. The remainder were not given enough training to really utilize it fully. We were acquired by another company before we could really implement Podio on a broad scale, so it was abandoned about 6 months after initial adoption.
There was a few features like being able to create new projects and sub tasks within the project. It also had a strong history function so you could see changes within the system by each user.
There is a lot of setup needed by Podio for general use. The ease of use is not very high and there has to be at least 1 person trained as an admin to do general changes, the rest of them have to be done by Podio. We also tried to integrate it with other platforms but were unable to, which was frustrating.
