I like how to program lead you to what you looking for
That it won’t let me put in I don’t have no dislike
Love it, like the you can take sections out by which ambulance cover what areas. 
Ease of use and I can assign an ambulance on Vaikkro and it shows the employees on the time clock when they punch in which unit to take 
Lack of training- so it’s the companies fault not vaikkro 
User friendly and quality. 
The ease of it for the most part. Xxxxxxxx
Little lengthy in getting around. Xxxxxxxx 
Ease of use and navagation. Great layout..
I honestly do not really have a part that I do not like.
Overall experience is good. Great customer service and support. 
Vairkko offers a system that covers most of the daily operations of an agency. From scheduling to payroll  and employee files it covers a wide range of things that are needed to run a efficient system. 
Some parts are difficult to grasp. Schedule patterns being my least favorite. 
Nothing but good news from this company.
I love the software when it comes to scheduling. Couldn't do it without this software.
Sometimes the schedule can disappear when I put in the schedule for the next month.
entral place for everyone to store and retrieve certificates
That we can have a user's certification documentation in one place.

The user can upload or download their own documentation.

The user can download other documents that I store in the system for them to access.

The user can easily see what is required to complete their certification
Is specific to another industry and getting some tweaks to where it would work for us has been a challenge to have implemented.

better communications
set up the way it works for you.                        user friendly           cant wait till we use it full time.
none yet                                                                                   nothing to say.
Overall, my experience has been good. All information I need is provided on the software. 
You can put a lot of different information on the software. 
There is no clear direction as to where things are located within the software. 
The overall experience with VAIRKKO was a very good one and I felt it so comfy when working with VAIRKKO because of the simple UI. Also, the various features in VAIRKKO are made my things easy and It saved my time a lot. So, I like to recommend it to anyone who seeks for solution for there business management processes. 
VAIRKKO Suite has a very simple and user-friendly interface. The UI is very simple but has a compact package of features. We use it also for training functions and it helps employees take ownership of their training. Also, I must say that the customer service is very good and always I had a quick and valuable response from them. 
Actually, there is no any big issue I had with VAIRKKO. But I think it will be better if it had a mobile platform for smart devices like smartphones, tablets etc. Also, I think I is better to have a one time sign in because it feels disgusting sometimes with continuous sign-ins. And I think it must be improved for deep analysis and taking detailed certificates or reports. 
So far its been great!
How easy it is to set up a user profile, assign them to work and just have all their information at your fingertips. The UI looks great too. Along with a super helpful support staff, using Vairkko is great. Dont second guess using this, just get it!
That this isnt advertised more! More people need to know about Vairkko. 
Fantastic!!
Upload the required docs and dates and you will be reminded when required.
Nothing yet. Very user friendly. Can't fault it.
Time off and PDO tracking has been more accurate. Actually, everything I track has been more accurate. I enjoy using Vairkko. 
This is an easy to use product. It is very helpful to have reports exported to Excel. I primarily use the HR Cloud but, run a lot of reports. 
This is our first software so there was nothing to integrate with. There not being reports for how I need the information separated. I know I can put a request in but by the time I hear back I have already had to do it by hand. 
Still learning.  Erin, Lori, and Brian are AWESOME!
Training courses can be added with tests, monitoring, and certificates.
No courses for head start/daycare/classrooms 
We are really happy with the tool and would definitely recommend to my peers. It is not quite expensive and easy to use. 
Time Tracking feature is super helpful, it helps to identify the in and out timings of employees.
Support is really good. 
Clean UI and easy to use.

I didn’t see anything as a issue with the tool till until now. At times, there are some syncing issues, but that is okay.

Very easy to use and figure out 
It is very user friendly and easy to access on the go! 
Sometimes glitches with mobile, but otherwise simple 
It’s good for work 
I can look at my hours that work for the week
There are way to many iforms, simple forms would be better 
 It helps me get my check sheets done. It's accessible via my phone. 
It works with work. I can get my schedule and keep up with events. I can access the company forms that i need 
I'm not sure that i know enough about inter office programs to be a knowledgeable critic. 
It's easy to request time off . and easy to understand!
It's very easy to use! And you can understand everything!
I have no complaints. I think it is the easiest of all the time clock software I have used.
Great product over all.
Ease of use. Love the messages and text message feature.
Don't like how difficult it is to get the calander view schedule up to show all trucks for ems.
