Measurable ROI for our organization and client reporting.
The ease of use and seamless implementation of client's data for output gave us great value, and as a result we received stellar kudos from our client.
Cons: we'll let you know when we encounter any.
Agency Analytics was and still is my choice after a thorough search. It saves me so much time and my clients love the easy to understand reports. I would recommend Agency Analytics to everyone. It is the best value for money!
Saves you time, is so easy to use and the integrations include everything you need.
Still a few features it could have to make it an all in one product.
Great!
We currently use this software for monthly reporting. The reports look very clean and the software is easy to use. It is very intuitive. The visually appealing and they do a good job of easily displaying performance. 
The software is still relatively new. While I haven't found any bugs yet. The software does lack some features when building a report. 
We signed up to an inferior service with another provide a few months back which we didn't like. The new service provided by Agency Analytics is perfect, it is smart, easy to use and the mobile functionality is cool.
Clients love it and we like the ability to be able to "set and forget" the reports, knowing they'll just land in the inboxes as they are ready.

Great service, highly recommended.

It has been really great. It took me about 30 minutes to get a handle on the software and then I was off to the races. I use it on all my client calls and reporting is at a nice, polished level my clients love. Very impressed.
I really like the ease of setup. It only takes me about 10 minutes to set up a client in the system and get it to a point that is "client-ready". That is amazing. I also like the SEO audit and use it religiously. Keyword ranking reports are clean and easy to interpret for clients without confusion. 

I could go on and on but at the end of the day, the system is crazy easy to set up and my clients love how easy it is to get what they are looking for; actionable data that is easy to consume.
I wish there were more info on local SEO factors in the keyword ranking reports. Getting insights into local pack would be nice. 
Agency Analytics is a sophisticated marketing tool that we've been using loyally for years.  Tons of configurations for keyword tracking - from local searches to mobile SERPs and more. It integrates with many of our other tool sets (paid search, email, social, call tracking...) and they keep adding to the list. Love it when a company continues to invest in product development and evolves with the industry and technology like Agency Analytics does. 
We've had no issues with Agency Analytics that their support team hasn't resolved quickly and comprehensively.
They have great features and a simplistic platform that is easy to use and understand fairly quickly. Their integrations with all of the key SEO sources make things seamless for much of the tracking and reporting. It's affordable and definitely, saves us a ton of time.
What we and our customers like best is the number of integrations. And we are very happy for the white label solution.  So we can export and send out branded reports in minutes.
The best whitelabe we have try yet. And that you are continuing to develop. An actual tool that can be used by everyone from day one.
Simple to use and looks great. Ability to generate dashboards for clients is a real plus
Few small niggles but nothing major so far- perhaps pricing could be a bit more competitive?
A Very good rank tracking and online marketing reporting tool!
Our agency been using Agency Analytics  for 5 years now, very good for all levels from free lancers to agencies, all the necessary elements of a good seo or overall digital marketing report, are available.  The white label is a great option, very much need for agencies!
Integrates with all Google products,  different social media outlets, call tracking tools and more. 
There still some areas where they can improve, a specially when it comes for agencies needs, for example: 
- inline keywords editing
- tagging new keywords during the process of adding them.
Could also work on the price a little!
The level of detail the program helps us achieve , has helped us locate a niche ,which otherwise wouldn't have . That niche has been extremely beneficial for us .
AgencyAnalytics has upped our SEO game . In terms of metrics ,it is the most inclusive program I have encountered .You can follow everything you set your mind to . 
The Dashboard is fluid and intuitive ,making it easy to work with . 
Very rarely situations can arise that are touch-and-go . It can take a while for AgencyAnalytics to update the most recent data from particular sites . Data we need asap to act accordingly .
ease of use. decent value for money. been using it for just a few months but lots of updates keep on coming. Excellent after sales and support service from Trevor and the team.
Makes things really easy for me, and for my clients. The dashboard is clean, effective and easy to customize., as well. love it.
The ability to monitor and report on all clients' marketing campaigns in one single place is invaluable.  Branding is also a bonus,
Automated reporting is great, however they can be limited and clunky. The interface can be challenging at first until you know your way around.
Agency Analytics has been an integral part of Clearwater Agency since inception. We've grown significantly over the past 6 years and we still use the software today, highlighting the scalability of the product and the on-going addition of new features. Not only this, but the integrations with Google products allows us to build both highly accurate and customisable reports for our clients and their individual reporting needs. 
Accuracy of the reporting is paramount when reporting to clients. Agency Analytics allows us to build highly accurate rankings reports, while pulling in data from Google Analytics, Ads, Search Console and MyBusiness. We love the highly customisable reporting functionality which allows us to build reports custom to each clients individual campaigns. 
Support is based outside of Australian EST. This is the same for almost all similar products though. 
As a writer and blogger, I always need the best tool which can help me in doing the proper SEO tasks. Agency Analytics has solved my problem and I a using it quite happily now.
Easy to use.
My overall contribution in Agency Analytics is staggering. 

I'm prepared to do all I need to viably run reports and track my clients rankings no matter how you look at it place. This gadget is valuable and I emphatically propose it.
I LOVE the customizable dashboards. Having the alternative to pick the data centers I need - and killing what I don't need - is a gigantic expert for me. 

It's so streamlined, clean and viably absorbable.
Just a solitary white-name alternative for logos and so on 

Maybe than continually advancing ourselves with the pictures and logos and so forth we would much rather customize it to every client 

so they then, at that point get a considerably more grounded feeling of responsibility for information. 

on the off chance that they considered it to be THEIR revealing stage I emphatically accept that the length of agreement and LTV of 

every customer would be a lot more noteworthy AND they could even keep the announcing stage on in the event that they move organizations.
Agency Analytics has exactly what I need in terms of cost-effectiveness, ease of use, white label reporting, and competitive features. I especially like the UI; something about it makes me feel relaxed while using it. Finally, customer service is very fast and responsive.
Ease of use, nice UI, affordability
Site audits could be faster, but I also understand how long some websites can take to crawl.
We started using AgencyAnalytics in the organization because through it we keep our clients up to date with automated reports that are sent directly. With it we monitor and inform about all our marketing campaigns for customers. It allows our clients the freedom to log in personally so they can see our marketing campaigns running. AgencyAnalytics facilitated the execution of reports for several clients and kept abreast of the management of basic concepts of digital marketing with an instant view. AgencyAnalytics is the one that allows you to do multiple functions in a single tool, allowing you to save a lot of time when preparing and creating reports for your clients in an easy way with the drag and drop option, it guarantees you excellent PDF reports to be sent automatically to your most potential customers.
It is a tool that will allow you to do everything you need to run reports and track customer ratings in one place, this is done in a very successful way, meeting your expectations. It is a tool with great precision when informing customers. It offers you the wonderful option of creating customizable reports for each client's individual campaigns.
It has not presented any problem with AgencyAnalytics, for the activities that we have applied the platform, it has responded efficiently and successfully in all our processes. It has met the expectations of the organization, we hope to continue receiving positive responses from this software.
In fact, the program helped me a lot in marketing operations and saved a lot of money and time
It is a great, easy to use and high performance program that saves you a lot of time to complete your scheduling operations.
It's good that he doesn't have any problems
