- Production planning made easy for a small manufacturer
- Ease of use
- Visual interface
- Shopify integration

I am very satisfied with the software. It's become a vital tool for running my craft business. 
Manufacturing process
Ease of use, easy to implement and overall ease of use
Shortcomings, bugs, and ever-changing pricing models
The simplicity of the platform made Katana very easy to use. Organizing orders, and including their shipment status made it easy for us to see our overall order fulfillment position. The integrations with other software's (like QuickBooks) made made tasks such as invoicing seamless. 
When we first started using the software, there were some features missing that would have helped us in our daily tasks. However, with quick feedback and help, the people at Katana were always there to help us find a solution. Additionally, the have mentioned that they are looking to include the features they seem to be missing in the future. 
Integrated with ou woocommerce, it manage 2 stores having same references simultaneously, we can perfectly create our product based on several other products like packaging, box..etc and it tells you if everything is in stock or propose to order directly to your provider. just magic.
A better integration with zapier could be a plus
I get space back in my head. I used to always be thinking about inventory and what I'm going to run out of next. My spreadsheets weren't very effective. This solves that problem without costing as much as bloated ERP systems.
Since it integrates with my Shopify store, I now have a closed loop system that can tell me what I need to make, and how much of each part I need to make it.
There could be some extra automation features, like when I create a make-order of a product with subassemblies, it should create make-orders for all of the subassemblies. And when I do that, it should also create purchase orders for all of the parts I'm missing. But I can see why a feature like that could lead to other issues.
Katana keeps us organized both in inventory and in our manufacturing process.
Many new features seem to be only available in the highest level of the software, which is very expensive for a small business.
Katana - это очень легкий и быстрый продукт. 
Такое ощущение, что взяли любой другой софт для управления производством, выкинули из него все что-то можно было, и то что осталось сделали очень качественно. 
Очень легко управлять очередью производственных заказов, причем сразу видно хватает ли материалов для выполнения. 
Некоторые экспорты данных не работают с кириллицей, но это не принципиально.
 
I am very satisfied with the value Katana provides me, it's a great and intuitive MRP app that allows me to easily manage my inventories. Although there are some missing features, I've been told these are coming in 2021. Also, Katana's customer support team is awesome, they're available, ready to help and they carefully listen to customer's needs especially around desired features. I'd definitely recommend this app.
Katana is an easy to implement and easy to use app, which is well designed and user-friendly. The integration with Shopify is a huge benefit which allows me to have up to date inventories on my e-commerce site. I like the product recipe feature which allows me to precisely know my cost of goods sold and adapt the pricing of my products. Managing my materials and finished goods inventories with Excel would have been tedious or nearly impossible and Katana makes my life easier and organized. 
I would like to have a landed costs feature to easily factor transportation costs or discounts granted by my suppliers in the standard unit price of my materials. I have to manually do that in Excel, but Katana customer support told me this feature is in early 2021 roadmap.
Also, I'd like to have the option to add a picture of materials and finished goods in each product card, to easily recognize products. 
As a food company, it's key for us to have end-to-end traceability so implementing Katana has helped resolve that issue.
Very easy to implement and use; setup was very straightforward.
Wish reporting (price changes mostly) and forecasting were stronger.
Usability , support , stock administration highlights , ready to make assembles\plans for item , capacity to transfer information utilizing Excel , coordination with Quikbooks online
I use it ordinarily and have not thought that it was hard to utilize
Katana has proved a very useful tool for our mid sized business. We have been able to track inventory more efficiently and link our shopify orders. Since we both manufacture products and buy products, this was a great place that we could track both in. By linking the orders, it automatically depletes stock as well so seamlessly.
Initially setting it up was a bit hard at times (as expected) since we were trying to quickly connect all of our channels and we accidentally zeroed out inventory or duplicated inventory more than once. However, once we got it going, it proved very useful.
Getting better and much more a part of our business
Once our products were in there, we really started to see the power of our small global company as we gained control of inventory everywhere
We got side-tracked on the materials side of things which looked great on the surface but really just complicated things for us
I am admittedly new to  Manufacturing Resource Planning tools. I can say though that I was surprised at how extremely intuitive Katana's user interface is. This makes it very easy for all the team to quickly get on board and start using Katana. By my estimations, the cost of not using this software easily exceeds the cost of NOT using it, by a) preventing manufacturing and operational delays, and b) saving time tracking the status of inventory and manufacturing.
Being very picky, I'd like to see more options to document the manufacturing operation steps by adding images, rich text, headers etc.
Katana's platform is very user friendly with great functionality of inventory management. I especially appreciate it's 'Make to Batch' functionality which allows for users to track pre-produced products and allowing for future drawdowns.
Would be great if we're able to see produced product's inventory at glance based on existing available ingredients
As our business was growing, we couldn't manage production in Excel anymore. Katana is by far the best solution out there for our needs, especially considering that we offer customized products. We've become so much more efficient since we implemented this tool and I can't recommend it enough.
- It's easy to use and integrates with my WooCommerce store
- I can create bills of materials and track my raw materials, so I know when and how much to purchase
- It's visual and I can quickly get an overview of my production statuses
- It's affordable
- I'd like to have a mobile app that I can use on the go
It saves time. Stock amounts that are right. Pros: Easily see where a task is in the production chain. Katana has changed the way we handle inventory and regulate manufacturing. The best thing is that it is basic, with no extraneous features that need as much effort to run as a manual device. 
 Katana is quick and powerful. Works great for Xero and Shopify. It comes highly recommended.


Cons: A mobile app will be fantastic, but it is not needed.
We went over many manufacturing software, but Katana is the best so far.
- easiness of navigation and implementation
- support
- the colour coding 
- not sure how to upload documents
- not being able to add multiple sale and purchase accounts
- not being able to ship partial sale orders

Katana makes our manufacturing process and stock control so easy.
This makes our manufacturing process so easy, our orders come in via shopify and go straight into Katana.  The time it saves us is amazing.
We would still like to be able to add images to products, this was something we asked for in the early days and were assured it would happen, but not happened to date.
Pleased with the Katana team and their responsiveness.
We are still working on implementation, but have found it easy to understand and adapt to our needs.
We will know more as we begin to use it in earnest shortly.

I am currently using the soft tracker.
Use this software for manufacturing optimization, planning, inventory management
I believe he already has everything, from what I need to beyond the needs.
