The phone service did not work   - experienced phone outages &  dropped  calls multiple times per day.
Tech  support recommended we buy  a different router, which we did, but didn't help the service. They opened my  account in a matter of minutes, yet refused to waive an early  termination fee when their service didn't work properly. 
The  customer service department is impossible to get a hold of once you decide to  cancel your service. Amazing. Don't do it. It'll just be a giant headache.

Look elsewhere!!!  You think this review is long, wait until you have to be on hold…now that’s long!!  My small non-profit organization had Nextiva and we really wanted to communicate via text messaging.  We do not have a brick and mortar building so it is just me operating mostly from my cell phone and occasionally via PC.  WELL...in order to text, you have to go to your PC, create a contact, add all of their information in, save their phone number with the nextiva sms info, then go back to your phone, pull up messaging , find that one, and THEN you can text.  I called around, found another company that had the capability of just SIMPLY texting.  I reached out to Nextiva to tell them to expect a port over request from the other company and asked if the port happened a few days after the bank draft to them, would I be able to get a refund.  They guy stated, he thought that would be no problem, gave me a ticket number and said someone would call me within 24/48 hours.  So at that time, I decided to continue on with the new company.  At least 9 days later, a customer support person called, I explained the whole thing to her, she said she could waive the bank draft and then tried to offer me a price break to stay.  She then called me back that afternoon or the next morning and told me I was in a contract and she could not waive any fee and would in fact charge me for the 3 more months on the contract.  If the first guy would have reminded me, I would have waited it out.  When I 
When investigating VOIP vendors we were very impressed with Nextiva. Assured us all our requirements would be no problem. In real life we have had a series of issues where calls disappear or drop. We have spent thousands on resolution in IT support and replacing components at our location as per Nextiva all the problems are our equipment or our IT issues. All were reviewed prior to install by Nextiva and approved. We have even had to drop our static IP and reconfigure all our field billing internet connections to accommodate a phone system that provides minimally acceptable service when it is functioning. 

Even in the face of nonperformance you can be certain Nextiva will require you to buy out your contract in full . Technical support consists of recommendations to replace something on your end and when that doesn't work they just recommend replacing something else.

I could not be more disappointed with the Nextia Company, technical support or customer service. 
