It's really the best of the best. An all in one naote taking software to track your school work and even personal life
I like that it's easy to use and understand. And it really helps to get all your notes in one place. And easy to surch and find your notes.
I really don't think there is any cons for me personally.
What I like the most on Notion is its versatility. I can either setup a knowledge base, a roadmap or a simple to-do list. All of them will look stunning and useful.
Being a free trial user, I'm not able to use it with the other members of my team. So, I'm stuck on Trello and it's the worst part of Notion.
Extremely powerful tool for tracking projects and staying organized.
Hard to learn to use, and the mouse cursor gets buggy sometimes.
We thought of replacing Sheets with Notion for smaller databases but its tables and ton of time that it takes to load made it difficult for us to make the switch. Rest everything is great, no complains.
The tons of features that it provides which covers almost all the needs of a project. Till date, we haven't found any thing that we wanted but which wasn't there on Notion.
The table feature is not good at all, shifting from Sheets to Notion made me realize how easy and convenient Sheets is compared to Notion.
I have been using Notion to keep my academic research goals in one central location. I am able to breakdown my research using nested pages and links to external sources. I really enjoy using notion.
I like that it has a very easy to use interface. Typing in "/" in most places brings up a content menu that allows you to add special items to your page. These can be tables, to-do lists, even nested pages. It is a very user friendly interface. 
The text editor is nothing to write home about. Very basic. I have not found many extensions to work with Notion either, i.e., a plugin for connecting to Zotero.
That being sad a major impact for internal collaboration and storage of solutions.
Unlimited possibilities almost when it comes to creating a "base" for your companies wiki and overall files across teams.
It can be a bit hard to navigate around the different options in the beginning. Some features and ways of inputting items could be more intuitive/clean.
I'm so glad this tool exists
I love how you can have so many tools in one, and to organize EVERYTHING
I'm still learning how to use it, cause when you master the trello feature, you learn a new one, so the only thing i would like is to have columns inside columns, which right now you can't
O jeito criativo e inovador de organizar meus projetos e entregas!
Tive algumas dificuldades na hora de construir meu planejamento, tive que olhar alguns tutoriais para conseguir fazer progresso.
Notion changed my perception about the note taking apps.
I use Notion mostly for organize my notes, preventing them from turning into mess.
I can easily organize and monitor my complex projects with Notion.
Not only does it serve as a note taking app but also it serves as, task management, bookmark manager, discussion platform, database and etc... It combines both great flexibility with super functionality.
Organizing notes or dashboard is super easy and fun. 
The feature of creating a note into another note then linking it to a line in a note is really helpful and it helps you make wonder.
Being able to monitor all your note in database form boosts your productivity.
You can sync almost all kind of productivity tool with Notion

It is not powerful enough in creating notes as an article form.
Storage for free version is limited. 

This application is a game-changer for me because it has helped me keep on track with my projects and personal goals. I really really REALLY love how it can be customized to my liking as a minimal and aesthetic-looking workplace always boosts my mood and productivity.
This is the ideal app for life organization, plus it's stylish! I love that the templates can be effortlessly customized (by adding emojis, GIFs, and images) and that they can be easily accessed even by a not-so-techy user like myself who desires a well-organized and aesthetically pleasing tracker. I use it to organize my files for school, work, and even personal tasks such as journaling and financial management. This software is a game-changer for me because it has helped me organize my huge amount of work and my entire life lol.
As a not-so-techy person, I find it a bit challenging to figure out how databases work in this app so I would always search YouTube for templates that I could modify to suit my needs.
Overall, I have a very positive with Notion and I think it has a lot of potential to be a useful tool in everyday school/work life. 
I use Notion for note-taking and progress-tracking mostly, and I have found that the software is very easy to use and is aesthetically pleasing. One can add pictures, gifs, videos, links, docs to the workspace and they will seamlessly function like normal. It is also shareable and the creator can set security level to whichever note that is shared so that the other people could edit or just simply view the document. It is free to use, and is perfect for students or a working professional. 
There are some features that are yet available, such as creating tables. Search and navigation need improvements, and formatting of texts do not work well when it is copied and pasted. 
It's practical. Helps you to manage several things in just one place; it has interesting components; is easy to use. 
Allows you to create, design, and personalize your space, documents, and data.
In the begging, it can be hard to use, cause at first sight it doesn't seem intuitive but you get to love it.
All people can have their tasks updated 
Sometimes it's difficult to understand if you aren't a advanced user 
Notion is one of the best tools for personal / team productivity. All the features of Notion makes the user experience very intuitive. It allows users to customize the content with full freedom for creativity. I cannot recommend Notion enough.
Notion is very versatile; it has all the basic blocks like text, check-lists, tables, Kanban boards, and Calendar and they can be customized to fit the needs of the User. It also allows some mathematical and logical operations in tables and it is very handy in automating project management and workflow. It is very easy to add new content using Template feature and we can also import pages from other workspaces. The markdown elements make note-taking seamless. The advanced blocks like Table of Contents and Breadcrumbs make navigation much easier. Notion also has some AI capabilities as it can understand text like 'remind next Thursday at 3pm'.
The advanced features such as logical operations and rollups in Notion databases require some learning curve. There is no 'Empty Trash' feature so deleting content is somewhat painful in Notion.
From the project management side of things, Notion has most of the things you would expect a platform to have: project, tasks, tables, Kanban boards, etc. 

What makes Notion unique compared to other platforms are the features that make it much more than just a project management tool: Notes,  Docs, and Wikis. Plus, I can even get things done with the web app, as well as the smartphone or the tablet app. A nice thing to have if you'd like to be agile in the way you plan and carry out your work.
Despite the various things you can do with Notion, I feel it does come up short in some areas of project management, for the fact that it has limited views through which you can see a project and its related tasks. 

Sometimes, a calendar, a Gantt view or a timeline may be better ways to display information compared to something like a Kanban board or a table. I wouldn't necessarily call this a deal-breaker but it is a shortcoming worth highlighting.
Funny to use
I can put my notes in a clear and visual way. You can upload lots of templates
It needs some time to know all the features 
The program is so customizable. You can do everything in here. Plus the Notion community is huge with lots of templates to use. Its great
I can not find anything I don't like about the software. 
Notion is a great tool that offers a comprehensive set of features for task management, budgeting, organizing and roadmaps as well as note taking for both personal and corporate use. 
Notion is a great tool incorporating several features to offer an overall great package to write, plan and organize your tasks. It is free for personal use and paid plans for personal, team and enterprise solutions. One of the best features is the ability to write whatever and however you want. If you want to add a simple task list, you can. If you want to write more details in your notes or add images, code or even build a website by publishing your Notion page, you can! It also works across android, ios, windows and mac while also offering a web version so you can access Notion anywhere. There are templates provided for roadmaps, team task management, budgeting, classroom note taking and many more. 
Notion takes some time to get used to. Because it offers great freedom in what can be done with it, it might be overwhelming for beginners and going through the tutorials takes some time, which you might not have if you are just looking to start right away.
Great, Notion has to be one of the best new products that have come out in the past few years. It has made a real change in team communication and knowledge data base inside my startup. 
- Easy to use
- The ways you can use it is beyond imagination
- Tables, wiki pages you can even embed things like prototypes inside a page.
- Easy to manage teams, and share files inside.
- Forget about having your own company site for internal use, this is the thing to have. 
- The apps for mobile and tablet work so good. 

- Has a little bit of learning curve but once you overcome it, the sky is the limit.
Overall, Notion does what it says on the box. Can't complain there. I'd highly recommend checking out Notion for your team as it's a daily driver for us. 
Notion's strength is in enabling the distribution of information across a geographically distributed team. Time sensitive updates, tasks, and general information storage and sharing is easy with Notion.
The iOS and macOS apps leave a little to be desired in terms of performance. The app tends to refresh (which isn't terribly fast) when launched if it hasn't been used in about 10 minutes. But this isn't consistent... occasionally team members will find the app hasn't refreshed and old information is still shown.
Automatic app updates are either non existent or just don't work. That's a pain. 
