I like how easily it is to use.  And all of the revenue generating ideas they provide is also a plus!
The 'pickem side of the contest could be a little bit easier to use. 
It's a great solution for the clients who want to increase their database and learn about their customers. It offers great features to specify your target audience.
A lot of case studies and valuable data  from other markets.
Some case studies are not linking to the correct site.
We have increased revenue exponentially by offering our advertisers opportunities to sponsor sweepstakes or photo galleries through Second Street.
It's so easy to use their turnkey quizzes and contests, yet Second Street is willing to customize their sweepstakes to fit your client's needs.  And you can even set up your own quizzes through Second Street.  Our office had fun coming up with questions for a Romantic Movie quiz we customized through Second Street.
I really have nothing negative to say about it.
The platform is easy to use and visually appealing. Using Second Street allows us to show our clients real results and deliver great marketing leads.
The legacy contest platforms can be a little challenging
The customer support is top notch. I have always had my questions answered on the first call. They always provide insights to providing contests for making money. Great team!
The software is very robust for running money making events and contests. We more than paid for the service with one event.
I really like the software and they are always making improvements.
I have worked with Second Street for years with contests, ballots and custom brackets. The ease of use and design of the software just keeps getting better. Their support team is 2nd to none! I am a very pleased user. 
The software is very intuitive and user friendly. 
Could use  the addition of a few more social media buttons. 
The Second Street Team are some of the best in the media business. They put their clients and their client's clients first and are  very responsive to expressed needs..... as a side note, they are enjoyable to work with also.
The Secondstreet Platform enables a wide variety of high value promotions such as Best of the Best/ Reader's Choice, Sweepstakes, Quizzes, Photo contest and nomination contests. The plaform also enables great ad integration for revenue growth and touch points to maximize the generation of results for our clients
The software overall is very good and the team will also roadmap improvements as needed 
Overall SecondStreet has allowed me to deliver great results to client. I have been able to deliver an ROI to everyone we have worked with while using SecondStreet!
SecondStreet is very user friendly. Setting up a contest or an eblast has always been fast. Any time I have had a problem their customer service was able to help me very quickly!
There isn't anything I haven't liked about SecondStreet
Overall, this program gives great options when executing contesting.  The formatting could use some updates to responsiveness, but it's a minor issue.
Second Street allows you to create just about any prize-driven promotion.  It's fairly easy to use their wizard to create all types of contests.
The formatting can be glitchy, and the wizards can be limiting (if you are not well versed in HTML).
Very positive. We are using Second Street for audience engagement and emails. 
The support and training are great. The Second Street Lab provides a lot of tools. 
Nothing yet. There haven'T been any issues.
If you want a simple copy and paste formatting palette, this is your blank canvas.   Upload images easily, enter text with ease, and choose from multiple format wizards.
If you want something that is easy to customize and format text/copy, this is not the program for you.  Upickem's lack of responsiveness to edits is highly frustrating.
Second Street gives us the option of customizing content and adding our own spins which our viewers find it easy to use, and we also find the back end easy to use, as well.
- Easy to implement and set up a contest, design and send out an email or review and understand 
  analytics. You also don't need to understand coding or call on your Development Team when you need 
   to do something.
- They are always updating their software and coming up with new promotional ideas for us to sell to our 
   clients.
- Has a great analytics portion which helps to see just how many people have voted in certain interactive 
  content areas.
- Ability to receive help on live chat, by email, or by zoom meeting.
- Second Street is incapable of easily placing ads inside of emails in a way similar to Ad Manager.
- It's email creation platform is a bit difficult because one has to create an email template and cannot 
  change email settings on the email itself.
The revenue generating ideas are ENDLESS!  The customer service is BEYOND AMAZING!  The use of their program, from setting it up, to email, downloading reports - everything is so quick and simple to use!  I love everything about this company!  Oh!  and the webinars are so very very helpful and insightful!
IF I had to pick ONE thing (which is still hard to do) that I like least - I would say that when running a photo contest - it would be nice to be able to download  JUST the winner(S) instead of downloading all of the photos.  Currently you get a link sent to you with ALL the photos and when you publish the winner in print - we have to "search" for the winning photo(s).
It's been a great tool for a number of reasons. Collecting listener data, running contests, and opinions about songs. 
I like the ability to personalize each contest, quiz, promotion, or review that tailors to our audience. It is fun, engaging, and can be used in different outlets. 
Sometimes I have to start a new Eblast rather than over-writing one we've used before, because it won't save the changes made. I've had to make multiple of the same email before because of this. 
It's easy to use and produces professional content. You could do a lot worse.
It's very easy to set up a newsletter. Once you know what content you're going to include, the actual setup process doesn't take long.
Newsletters have a distinct style to them. They don't look bad, but they aren't as customizable as it seems like they could be.
It's been very positive. They're always willing to improve systems and hear feedback. 
A great platform that handles all of your online contesting needs … great customer service and ideas to sell to clients, too! 
Others in our market use this product, too. It's a great tool that it would be ideal if we were the only one that carried it ;-)
Second Street is easy to use and have the best customer service if I have any questions or need additional help!
Great way to generates leads and easy. 

I have not seen any cons while using this software.
Able to give local advertisers a fun way to promote and contest while at the same time gaining valuable data and lead generation for them and ourselves. One of the best and easiest ways at building a lasting email database for future marketing as well.
Easy to use, and pre made templates and contest ideas!
No cons anymore, you guys have fixed all my feature requests I had when we started using your product years ago.
From the very beginning, everyone at Second Street has been wonderful to work with.  Their summit is what helped push us over - all the insights were so valuable.  Their customer support is one of the best I've see, and the ideas that they give you are revenue producers.
It is incredibly easy to use and offers a wide range of options from contests to quizzes to emails and so much more that we haven't even looked at yet.
I only wish there was an "un-do" button.  Sometimes I accidentally change something and would like to be able to un-do the last thing I did.
We have generated great attention and success with our first contest. I'm very excited to launch the second mid-March! 
How easy the turnkeys are to use! I have an idea and can EASILY execute the contest or promotion through Second Street's platform.
I have ZERO complaints! Everything about Second Street is wonderful!
