I have a lot of orders to keep track of. When it comes to remembering important dates like weddings or showers, I need something to help me organize everything and Square appointments has done that
Square appointments is a simple, easy to use appointment calendar. Best part is that it's free! I am able to see all my floral orders on a single calendar, which helps me manage how many orders I can reasonably take. Adding notes to the appointments also helps with seeing a general overview of the order. 

I like how I can save a card on my client's file. For my recurring clients, like certain homeowners or businesses, I can just charge them their monthly fee without needing to wait to deliver their arrangements. It's great!
I really enjoy using Square appointments so I don't have any complaints about it
Clients can easily select the services, time frame and get notified all without the need for me to access. As customers can book themselves it allows me to have more time with other actions that need to get done.
The pricing is fair but of course would love for it to be cheaper.
It takes less stress off me with square appointment keeping up with jobs.
I like that square appointment helps me keep track of catering jobs.
There is nothing I do not like about square appointment 
I love this and it really helps with my bussiness.
The thing that I love most about this software cause I am able to just put in the appointments quickly and accurately. This company doesn't overwrite letters or names that you put in. It is very easy to access and the notifications make you more excited because it is always on time and sends you a 5 minute reminder before it's time to meet your client.
The con that I have on first I thought the price was a little high for a starter, but as i was using it I found that the price was really cheap for the offers that comes in it.
Wow, I love it, my clients love it, don't know how I would operate without it... Fifty percent of my clients book without me ever emailing/texting/calling. They request an appt, I accept, they show up. Totally frees up my time, don't even need to make "reminder" calls anymore.
Ease of use for both me and clients, easy to write notes and track clients, easy to do personal notes to clients on confirmation, can instantly track history. Great communication, great client history without any effort.  And that includes their tip history as well -- all tracked through Square.
The fact that if I allow clients to cancel appointments on line, a cancellation shows up FOREVER on the overview page.  Annoying.
My customers love the accessibility and convenience of square appointments!
I have had no issues with this program. It has been a great platform for me!
I recommend Square, a simple, elegant, and easy-to-use system.
Square is my favorite booking software. It has everything in one. Customers can book appointments and pay for the service. It handles merchant processing, product inventory, customer records, appointment deposits, and more. It is easy to use and offers everything a small service-oriented business needs. 
What I miss about this software is that I can add photos to appointments for category purposes. But customers can't see the photos at the time of booking. It would be nice to be able to put a photo next to the service on the booking page.
I started using the square in 2012 my business has grown thanks to all of the benefits and tools that the square has offered I recommend them always to all my clients who are going into or already have businesses.
I like the ease of the square, from the on line scheduling to my daily deposits, it just makes life alot easier everything i need is at a touch of a button . Thank you.
I havent found anything that I dislike. 
Square Appointments business scheduling system is simple to use. It allows you to schedule client appointments, and determine if you require prepayment for bookings- an important feature.
The only Con i'd have to say is the pricing on this product. If you're using this software for something that's not necessarily actually making you money, it may be worth just scheduling through outlook or something like that.
It was a good experience but I needed something more flexible and more robust to grow with my business in terms of record keeping of my clients.
Easy to use and set up. I liked that it integrated with Square Payments. Good for reminding clients of appointments by email and text.
Increased fees for multiple locations. As a small business trying to work multiple locations to gain varied clientele it was counter productive for me to continue using it.  
It’s free! Unlike a lot of other appointment apps 
So far there is nothing I can say that i don’t like 
It's been smooth sailing with a few waves here and there. I'm really glad I can use both the square and the appointments together versus two different applications for one purpose.
I like the how my schedule comes up for the day. The reports, easy usage.
I hate having to login with my email and password over and over. I wish there were an app that I could stay logged in or just put in a 4 digit code for security purposes since my clients credit/debit cards could be charged.

My customers hate that they have to put their card number in every time.

The mobile layout needs a little work on some pages
As a single user this Square service is free, so that’s a HUGE benefit. The client option for online booking is amazing and helpful, so many benefits in just that one feature. Also, checking out is simple with just a tap on the clients appointment, I can quickly charge for their services and they’re marked off for easy tracking.
I love that I have full access right from my phone. I can book a client instantly and they immediately get their confirmation text/email. 
I don’t like the customized booking button. Unfortunately when I try to add one to a specific service on my website, the link doesn’t work. 
We had a need: schedule 360 head shots for a client in a month and a half. How could we possibly communicate with that many people to arrange schedules? Our solution was Square Appointments.  We set up the schedule, blocked out times, and were able to make exceptions. We sent the link to the app, and each individual person signed up. This was an easy to use solution for scheduling a load of services, and made this a profitable project for us!
It was easy to set up. It was easy to make modifications. It was easy for all the potential clients under the age of 70. It worked with no hiccups.
Occasionally, we had a client who could not use the software and had to call. In every case, they were using Internet Explorer (no telling what version) OR they simply said they preferred to call.
I like how east it is to navigate. It makes everybody’s experience go a lot smoother with rarely any confusion. 
The only thing I would say negatively would be there are a lot of options- which is great for someone who typically prefers a lot to choose from. The only problem with it is that typically our clients just want black and white, yes or no, a or b. 
It's great having the appointments booked with my payment processor in the same place! 
I wish it had more features but I'm overall very satisfied 
It was nice to have it on the phone we could down load.
Everyone would have to use our phones to sign,
Seems very easy for a small business to use and process!
The data is easily located and put into chart form. When scheduling appointments it is simple to do so and cancel as well. 
There is not much. it would be nice if when scheduling appointments, we were able to see the amount of time that is available instead of only the time allotted for the selected service. 
Love everything 
I love it BUT....when booking online, a lot of my clients wish there was pics on there. No pics are able to be displayed online. The client just has to know the exact name of your style 
No pics can be displayed on the online app when clients are booking, client may not know the name of the style.
We tried this out temporarily for setting up appointments in an escape room business. I felt like it did what it promised to do but nothing really more.
Kind of clunky in my opinion
Expensive for what it offers
There are so many apps that do the exact same things

