Easy to operate. They are perfect for our business and easy to operate. 
Easy to operate the system, easy to locate all your products, easy to check the status of your orders and products.
Good as compared to other cloud base softwares in the market
While everything you want is available but I liked the Dashboard and the Reports the most.
I wanted to add a discount column in my purchase order which the Zoho Customer Care team helped me to do but i wanted the system to calculate the Discount Amount by itself based on the Percentage i mentioned in the column but they said it is not possible with this software so i had to calculate the discount on each item and write the discounted price manually for each. I have 300+  products so i was really frustrated in doing the excercise, rest all is good and the best thing is that the discount gets calculated on its own in the Invoice.
Great!
The orders function & being able to track & invoice orders
The Syncing from my eCommerce platforms takes too long
EXCELLENT SOFTWARE FOR ACCOUNTING. WE USE FROM LAST 3 YEARS. 
ONLINE PLATFORM                                      
Still with free trial, but it is helping us to have everything more organized
It is really helpful and very well designed. It has many interesting functions and it makes much more easy to manage your inventory, track shippings, etc. I find particularly well thought the function of asking for the shipping from inside the same software, just linking it with your shipping enterprise choice.
I dislike the fact that if you are working with a shipping company that is not listed in the program, you can't use this function. Also, It would be great if everything was more automatized because you still have to select the things you want to do.
Had to Write review for free trial  
Had to Write review for free trial  so I am not exactly sure at this point
Lack of integration partners without using some sort of connector
The interface is very clean and easy to navigate. The process of logging in sales is also quite simple. It does a good job of providing a bird's eye view of the inventory situation.
The data entered cannot be analyzed in great detail. We wished we could download the entire data so that we could filter and analyze it according to our requirements so that it made our work simpler. But unfortunately, it does not allow us to do this. 
Now with Zoho Inventory we both have the great processes to control our purchasing and a great professional look to our partners.
We found Zoho Inventory to be really easy to setup and use. We started out looking for a cloud software that could handle procure to pay for our startup, and found practically everything we needed in Zoho.
From raising requisitions, having multi-level approval processes, notification, document customization, etc. It really gave us the professional touch.
Really can't think of anything we don't like yet
I was referred by a friend. She uses it and spoke highly of it. 
It’s the perfect way to manage my inventory! I own a small business I have to handle many jobs, this handles a big job for me! Love it!
Getting use to it was hard for me. But I get it now! My team understood it faster then I did! So far that’s the only issue!
Helped to streamline my inventory processes and makes things simpler as it connects well with other Zoho products. 
Helps to automate inventory and order management processes. Offers a slew of useful features.  Pricing is affordable and worth the investment. 
Zoho Inventory is easy to use and I don't have any reason to complain as the software fulfills all my requirements. 
Free version is a bit stingy with the included transaction limits.
Simple, and straight forward to set up and use. I think it's mainly geared to smaller businesses with simple inventory management requirements. 24 hour support from Monday to Friday.
Could do with more advanced features for other requirements such as 3rd Party Logistics rather than retailers.
What I like more about this is that I can use it wherever I am, at the shop, at the house, on my phone, etc, and everything is synchronized.
The only thing I don't like is the price of the software, this kind of software should be more accessible to small business.
I've found a way around to add BOM using composite item feature but Zoho definitely should consider including Bill of materials option in the inventory. it is literally impossible for a manufacturing company to use this software without BOM. otherwise it's really good, nicely integrated with Zoho books
I loved the Composite item feature but multiple bundling option could be more helpful and less time consuming.
Lack of Bill of materials. As a manufacturing and trading company it becomes extremely difficult to increase stock without BOM.
Overall it's a very bad experience. Worst part is that the customer support is very bad too at Zoho.
One of the big reasons we signed up with Zoho One was Zoho Inventory. We thought we'd use it to do our inventory management and order processing, but it failed in both aspects. So nothing to like about it really.
It is very rigid and old school inventory system. It's more for big manufacturing factories looks like with the traditional inventory processes. We wanted to keep inventory of parts of a product, we wanted inventory to get reduced once we receive new orders, we wanted to integrate with other apps, we wanted it to streamline our order management, but we weren't able to do any of those things with Zoho Inventory. We had to use Zoho CRM for all these things.
This inventory software worked great when we used BigCommerce but once we switched to Shopify it wouldn't connect with our website. Inventory counts we're constantly off. This platform is intuitive and easy to use but I wouldn't recommend it.
The interface is intuitive and easy to use. Everything is straightforward and laid out in a pretty logical way.
It didn't work well for us when we switched shopping platforms from BigCommerce to Shopify. It also does not work with SKUlabs.
cloud based WMS , nice and easy to use, no need for Server .Software licence or any hosting provider
complicated process order to fulfillment handling, some of them transaction can be simplified, not enough integration options with 3rd party solutions
It helped managed my Inventory that contained a lot of different items that I thought is impossible to properly account for.
I like that it has a free plan and the other plans are quite affordable. It is easy to learn and use. It has a lot of customization including the Roles access limitations.
It lacks some feature like stock taking and reconciliation module but I can do away with it for now.
its a very useful tool. Robust, intuitive and very easy to understand in its functionality. The possibility to integrate with other Zoho modules provides the possibility to extend data administration.
Reports embedded in the UI are too simple and it doesn't allow too much customization, most of the time they are useless, specially with reports related to warehouses, also not all data in reports can be exported.
Usabilidad, conectividad con otros módulos. Versión móvil y de escritorio. Me gusta la estrategia de ZOHO en su modelo de negocio. La posibilidad de conectar diferentes Soluciones (módulos) entre sí, y usar esta conectividad para desarrollar flujo de trabajo propio. Como una pequeña empresa de reciente creación (3 personas), nos complace utilizar las herramientas de zoho de forma gratuita. Al comienzo de nuestro negocio, es muy importante tener la solución como ZOHO. No podemos pagar después de 4 meses de trabajo. Si el período de prueba pudiera finalizar, tendríamos que cambiar a soluciones de código abierto habituales con tabeles. Una cosa que puedo decir es que nunca cambiaría este sistema si tengo mi negocio basado en eso. Pero necesito más tiempo para poder pagar este servicio.

Pros
Me gusta la estrategia de ZOHO en su modelo de negocio. La posibilidad de conectar diferentes Soluciones (módulos) entre sí, y usar esta conectividad para desarrollar flujo de trabajo propio. Como una pequeña empresa de reciente creación (3 personas), nos complace utilizar las herramientas de zoho de forma gratuita. Al comienzo de nuestro negocio, es muy importante tener la solución como ZOHO. No podemos pagar después de 4 meses de trabajo. Si el período de prueba pudiera finalizar, tendríamos que cambiar a soluciones de código abierto habituales con tabeles. Una cosa que puedo decir es que nunca cambiaría este sistema si tengo mi negocio basado en eso. Pero necesito más tiempo para anali
un sistema malo cuando se trata de tiendas múltiples y cuando se integró con zohoo books, el sistema lo trata como si fuera una tienda. 
Hay una falta de informes en el inventario de zohoo de 
alto precio según este problema
Tienen conectores API para UPS y FedEx. Sin embargo, el sistema no se empaqueta correctamente y no permite múltiples paquetes con los operadores que se integran con el sistema. Ejemplo: si un pedido tiene 10 paquetes, deberá completar 10 paquetes por separado con su propio albarán y número de seguimiento. Su cliente recibiría el pedido como si tuviera 10 órdenes diferentes.
Me encanta la integración entre múltiples aplicaciones y la visibilidad entre ellas. Desde el seguimiento conduce a proyectos a la facturación y luego a ver el valor de por vida, todo está en un solo lugar
Ojalá pudieras tener un pago instantáneo para que las personas que pagan facturas puedan pagar de nuevo con 1 clic. Desearía que pudieras copiar y pegar elementos, y que el costo de esta herramienta fuera mas economica 
Good software for tracking your inventory. Mostly with Amazon.
Integration is a bit difficult. Should improve on that with other websites.
