This software does what it is supposed to do. It is very simple and easy, and works well!
This is a simple software that gets the job done. In this world of text-savvy individuals, this is extremely easy and convenient to use, especially for promoting certain events, etc. 
For my needs, the pricing is a bit on the higher end. I think this works for much larger organizations, but not necessarily for smaller businesses that only need to send out a handful of monthly messages.
we can access parents easily to let them know what is happening at the school right when it happens.
it is a little hard to navigate when you have two different groups using the system.  also you can't add people to your group if you're not an administrator.  
I think it has increased my business because I just have to hit one button to reach my clients
that it reaches all my customers that sign up
sometimes a customer will tell me they did not receive their alert but I think it is on their end
We just started using this product. Believe it will be useful
We have just started using this product. We are hoping it will help us target an area for additional customers. 
We have not had any issues or cons at this time but we just started using this product. Believe it will be useful
The user interface is extremely useful and user-friendly, as well as visually appealing.
I wish I could quickly add 5-20 contacts at a time instead of having to add one at a time or upload a file. It's merely a personal taste, and a minor one at that.
Having said all my experience with mobile text alerts is very good. 
The customer service is splendid ; I would greatly recommend it to others. The product itself has done a great job of serving our needs. It is just wonderful 
I dislike that they put a limit on how many text you can send out at once. Unless you purchase the big package.
Love how easy it is to use, dislike that it sometimes doesn't send to all the people in the group and doesn't let you know that it didn't send it to them.
Easy to set up and use
Doesn't tell you when someone in the group doesn't receive the text.
- Reliable, 
- Affordable.
- Very friendly and helpful staff... 
-  ...in the last 13 mounts there was only 2 small glitch and they were corrected  less then 8 hours.
- Need upgrade to provide the general double  opt-in  rule.  (by-law requirement  in many country!)
- Need upgrade to send an email to me (admin) if someone opt-in and/or opt-out from my service (by law requirement to keep in record  them!)
- Very nice to  let me send email and  SMS campaign together, however the email should be free up to a certain amount of email, but definitely not charging  by counting  of characters .  (Your competitors providing 10-18 000 free emails /m)
- Please figure out the Time-zone sensitive sending.  Similar than the timezone-wrap  in Mailchimp.  BUT, if i can suggest: forget it the subscribers time zone selection by their IP address location. This is a dead end! There is a lot of issue with that.  However if you let me (admin) set up a "time zone delay-number"  at every subscriber record  and this number can a variable at the "scheduled sending", that would be a really professional solution.
When you have 100 or more people you need to sent alerts to this is it.  Very easy to set up.  Very easy to use  and does what it is suppose to.
Nothing really does one thing and does it well.
Easy to use, explained things simply and easy enough
Customer service is hard to get ahold of if you have any service issues
Fantastic experience, completely in love with the software. I am able to organize groups of clients, and send also send them text individually while having other options to improve my own service. A++
Easy to use and well organized software. Makes my job 10x easier. 
I found no cons in the software honestly. It just have what I need for the type of business I run, it is just perfect.
The product is quite easy to use. Serves very well in everyday life. The design is very intuitive to use.
The software crashes a few times and we have to go out and back again to use it.
The software is easy to use and manage and it is inexpensive wich is a plus. I love it.
It took time to understand how to manage. That was the only problem.
The privacy, and convenient 
Sms marketing, alerts texting, 2 way texting 
I like all the features that mobile text alert has too offer.
It has been very positive. It allows group and individual contact. The Facebook part needs work and customer service for the Facebook section was unhelpful. But I have had them help with other issues successfully 
I like the versatility of putting members in multiple groups. Staff can easily add themselves. We use this daily to contact and message groups of employees 
It has a Facebook messenger option but is extremely difficult to get staff signed up. Also doesn’t allow you to send message thru Facebook and text at same time. So you have To send to each user group separately. 
Everything I like
Yes I did like it thank you so much for the help
I love it everything about it all good thank you so much for ur support
I like that the software can support multiple user and groups.  Adding people to the groups was easy, and there's an easy scheduling option, as well.
While it was good for basic texting, we ended up moving to another system that would support more advanced functions like also sending email messages, reminders to staff, etc.
This software sends messages exactly as you ask it to! Love the way it never misses a subscriber.
The app needs some updating as soon as possible.
Bare-bone, simple solution that's easy to learn and adopt.  It's cheap and does what it advertises.  Contact lists are easy to manage, and SMS quick to send.
Although simple, the user interface is slightly awkward.   They should work on cleaning up their usability a bit.
Text to my friends 
I do weather reports on Facebook so I do upgrade to text my friends they know severe weather competing.
I use a free trial and need more people come text into my account. I what to upgrade my profile to keep it up.
