Simple and extraordinary remote help arrangement , secure and stable for our far off association needs.
The client interface on the site is progressively uncertain - we find frequently clients download some unacceptable code - the client side.
It is so easy to use and very effective. We have upgrade PCs from Windows 8.1 to 10 via ISL and it worked perfectly even after the usual number og restart etc.
The always on version is saving both customers and us a lot of time and transport. The low footprint on the PC
I have nothing I dont like about the product
use it every hour of every day have tried others, but graphics poor, expensive or not as secure
Its fast, good graphics, secure, does not leave a code on the PC for someone to copy and hack
Happy with all the product range and features
Reliable software with easy to use client on-boarding.  
I'm not one of the technicians and have no problems using this product - even the biggest technophobes that I deal with find it easy to use.
Highly recommend.

The only thing I would like is the invoicing to have the date of licencing - start / end.  
Très bon logiciel de PMAD, facile d'utilisation, qui peut être configuré selon nos besoins spécifiques. La prise en main via envoi de mail ou avec le logiciel sur le poste est facile, et permets même de le faire sur des appareils mobiles.
Le mot de passe non reconnu dès le premier coup
Excellent product and will continue to use
Easy to use and easy for end user to connect
The product could be a little more cost effective
Super experience for our customers - really really happy."
its a good piece of software, support is good and the dutch distributor DCC is very friendly and gained a lot of knowledge about the products of ISL."
It saves site visits and allows me to quickly fix a problem."
Mi empresa se encarga de dar soporte a más de 1000 usuarios. Cada uno tiene un ordenador de un tipo, más antiguo, más moderno, con windows, mac, linux... y podemos trabajar con todos.
Se adapta perfectamente a nuestras necesidades. Es rápido y aporta funcionalidades que no aporta otro software de control remoto.
No puedo poner ninguna pega a esta aplicación, para mi todo va perfecto.
Is can helt my customers in seconds using this software. It is not complicated at all for the customers to set it up or install is. Takes less than a minute even to unexperienced users
It is simple to use and always Works. Seems to be running on all Windows versions
Price. It is relatively expensive to purchase for a Company my size
overall it is satisfactory

Ease of file sharing. File can be just dropped into ISL client and it is transferred to client
sometimes application is freezing, can not do anything for few seconds or minutes
It's a product that simply works, the connection never fails and it is able to connect to practically anything. it's very easy to use for the clients as they only need to click a few buttons. It has top security and even extensive customization options so that the clients immediately recognize our brand and get a better feeling about allowing access. I love it as I can also use it for myself and access my computer at home when needed. I also appreciate quick support of the ISL Online team if needed, even on weekends and national holidays. The use of ISL Light has made my life much easier and has gained my business more happy clients who I'm sure stay also because of the excellent service and support.
We've just renewed our license for the third year. We're using it to provide remote tech support for our customers and it never let us down so far. Our support staff likes working with it. Certainly not looking back to Teamviewer again.
Since I am not daily users I have trouble setting up remote control or presentation.

Easy to maintain and easy for users
this tool is very easy for end users and it works really fast.
Support for iOS - there is much to do to manage Iphones and Ipad
Its been awesome and simple to use
It is very easy to use and setup.  Very easy to understand and control
So far no cons with the software or the interface
We have clients all over the UK and its easy to support them remotely. Its critical for my business. It has made life so much easier
I liked the licensing structure, you pay per license not per machine
The configuration interface could be better
In this Coronavirus changed reality, a remote support became a must-have for any IT user services. I could not favor ISLonline over some other remote support solution, but their price/solution model fills our needs perfectly (200 potential serviceable users)
Stable connection, covering all the needs for a remote user support I have met so far. Undemanding bandwidth.
Occasional trouble with admin rights on domain-based user login PCs
Wir brauchen ein integriertes und sicheres Tool, um Server zu überwachen und Anwendern gelegentllich Möglichkeiten direkt auf ihrem PC zu zeigen.
Wir nutzen einige Server um 3Ds Max und Unreal Sequenzen zu rendern.
Für die Server-Überwachung nutzen wir ISL online.
Es ist super, wie einfach Server hinzugefügt und dann zur Überwachung ausgewählt werden können.

Viele User-Interfaces haben heute einen Black-Modus, d.h., die Grundfarbe der Applikation ist schwarz (bei ISL aktuell nur weiss). Ich schätze diese (dunkle) Einstellung, schont sie doch die Augen.
Easy and fast operation also for customers 
for 2 licenses the price is too high, for small businesses you should get 2 licenses for the price of 1
MAC, WINDOWS und LINUX Support der Software
Fernwartungsbildschirm teilweise kleine Auflösung und nicht grösser Einstellbar, speziell bei Verbindung zu VMHosts und/oder Windows Servern ohne lokale Bildschirmverbindung .
doet gewoon wat het moet doen
makkelijk en begrijpelijk in gebruik               
nee geen idee                                   
As someone offering support to a group of clients who's technical skills 'vary greatly' - I find a reliable remote support product invaluable.
Great for multi platform support especially when supporting a diverse group of users.
I have never found anything that I dislike  about this software 
