The ability to schedule clients and the ability for clients to schedule themselves.As well as the notifications that are sent in either case.
I like that I am able to schedule clients quickly and clients can schedule themselves. I also like the notifications that are sent out when appointments are made or schedules have changed.
I was not happy about not being able to change poorly written messages that are sent via the survey.
Functional and free. Get everything you need without spending a penny.
It can be embed easily in my own website; and administration is very straightforward. The page looks enjoyable instead of boring calendars.
No complain. If I must say something, it is ridiculously free for such a great software. Loading time in embedded website could be simultaneously, if possible.
Recently took an aspect of my business online and was looking for an online scheduling app that was easy to use (not a techie). Saved me time and effort by not having to do the 'back and forth dance ' with clients around making appointments. I loved the full access to the entire interface via their free version. It gave me the time to 'test drive' and make sure it worked as i needed. The communication aspect is fantastic. includes easy to install widgets to add to website and links to send in emails for clients to click and choose 'service' then times available. Sends emails and sms (included- not charge more as other apps do) From a usability perspective you could continue using the 'free version and have it serve you well. for a small monthly fee can upgrade to be able to use your own branding in the url.
easy to use, great communication between you and customers/clients, emails and sms messaging, can continue to communicate with clients right thru 10to8 interface, professional look and feel. personal branding
would like higher level of flexibility in altering schedules form week to week. better tutorial section to use the power of the interface to its full capacity.
This is a really good appointment scheduler with bags of innovative features.  It works a treat for me as a driving instructor, and has never let me down.
Best of all, it is free for small business users like myself.
5Star-Rating from me.
I love the fact you can accept payment and brand your page on the free version. Syncing with my calendar was really easy too which was a pleasant surprise. I've recommended this software to people who are looking for scheduling options.
On the mobile version, clients can't see the arrow to go to the next week when they scroll down the page. I've had clients tell me they can't see how to book for the next week. Maybe have the arrow to the right at the top of the page in the middle and at the bottom as well.
0% no show!!!
The best thing about is the sms/email reminder to clinent which results in 0% no show. Simply Amazing. 
I would have like to have a session count to know how many PT session each client has had in a month. 
Easy to customizable and that's​ just the free version when you use the paid service your clients will love it it looks a lot more professional and even if you just use the free version it is still a great software to use. 
You can use this for any business, get your clients to booking and change appointments, you can even set it up to take payment, have your work schedule on it, so your clients can see when you​ are available​ to what best works for them, the best feature on here for me is that your clients get emails and text to remind about there appointment with you and it is all for free.
it sends​ out texted so many​ MESSAGES it will start being annoying to some of your clients and it always sends text messages of a different number. 
I was able to reduce my initial start-up costs by using your free version.  It is also important to have online scheduling because when my community acupuncture shifts get full, I could potentially be seeing 18 patients in 3 hours.  It's not going to be possible for me to take appointments by phone with that many patients as a sole practitioner.  The schedule also allows me to block out time for my own appointments and meetings, so that time is not available for patients to book, which streamlines my life because I only have to look at my work schedule instead of multiple work and personal schedules.  I just really like the software and I think you're providing an important service to people like me who are trying to build up a business and can't afford monthly membership fees.  I am looking forward to when I have more than 100 bookings  a month so I can comfortably upgrade to the paid subscription.
1.)  I like that there is a free option, it's been incredibly helpful for me while starting up a new business, 2.)  I like that I can create two different categories of service for individual and community acupuncture treatments, which use different scheduling methods, 3.)  I like that you offer paymetn integration, although I haven't figured out how to use it, 4.)  The calendar layout is nice and clear for me when I'm looking over my week, 5.)  It's good that I can block out time in my schedule for things like meetings and events when I will not be working or treating patients.  There are a lot of features that I like, but I really appreciate that I can reduce my startup costs initially using the free version.
It seemed awkward at first for me to block out holidays, but I think I've gotten the hang of it now.  I wish I had more precise feedback, but I just kind of like this program overall, it works well for my purposes.  
Read the review, for Heaven's sake!
I love everything this software offers. First, the ability to have my clients go out and schedule appointments keeps me from wasting valuable time playing phone tag. The software can also send reminder texts to you and to your clients. And following the appointments, the software can automatically ask the client to provide a review of his/her experience with you. You can block out any vacation time you plan on taking. You can also prevent clients from making surprise appointments with you by only allowing them to schedule appointments by a certain time away from when they log in. FANTASTIC!!!!
Client reminders
I love the reminders and text through the booking system. The email campaign was nice too. I love the Facebook book now button.
The software was glitchy and wouldn't pull up correctly on some devices. My clients try to use the book now and book themselves but it was a little difficult to do and sometimes won't allow their phone number. The way a grooming salon works we take multiple clients at a time and that proved difficult with this system. 
It's a clean and easy to navigate online scheduler for both my clients and myself. It acts as both a partial web-site, and appointment-setter with more functions than most others. I'd recommend this to any type of service business.  
The cleanliness of the whole site, especially when setting up the specifics, is wonderful. Everything is clearly labeled and easy to read. It is very organized and allows the user to create specific profiles and services with ease. The use of colors is extremely helpful to visually differentiate each service or provider.  Adding appointments is as simple as can be, with additional options to make it very customise-able. 
The 'free' version is outstanding, in that you can try the service for a specific number of appointments as opposed to a limited amount of TIME. Most people are just starting their businesses and cannot utilize the softwear enough in a certain time, as they may not even have true appointments until weeks into the set-up. 10to8 allows a free trial of 100 appointments, which is brilliant and practical. 
I wish I was able to view/modify the follow-up survey questionnaire, but it is automatically created by the softwear. 
After finding the 10-8 app whilst browsing online, for a new small business start up I have not looked back. 
This is an effective booking tool with many more benefits it reminds clients at intervals you can set for your own business. It links in to Facebook easily and onto the clinics website (the web designer did this) so clients can easily use from home or at their desk. I am very impressed with this online booking system and have had no worries recommending it to friends to give it a try. As a self proclaimed technophobe I have found this easy to use by following  the steps provided and spending time before launching bumbling through and I must say I am still finding impressive functions and things adaptable to suit my business. ( such as adding clients birthdays to remind the clinic their birthday month to offer a discount or freebie) .
 Overall I think this is fantastic and the service provided is good also. especially as it is a FREE service at the moment! 
There's a lot to like about 10to8. First, it's free with light branding. Which is great for people just starting out. I love that it's integrated with Zapier and has a couple of interface options for different styles to schedule appointments with clients. 
The main con I've found is that it's a tad clunky compared to other similar products. But, like I said, there's a free option which makes it awesome for people just starting out in their business.
I had been looking for a scheduling solution for my counseling business for a few years, ever since I started, and had tried several different options that fell short. 10 to 8 is the exact solution I was hoping existed out there somewhere. So simple, easy for users with no long registration process, and either free or super affordable depending on your needs. Has been a huge help in my business and I couldn't recommend it more highly.
Ease of use for both business and client, coupled with the affordable price. To have both in one product is unbelievable.
There are a few features that would be helpful to have added, like more customization for communicating with clients after they've booked. I believe the company is working on adding those important features though as they've always been receptive when I provide that feedback. 
The software is user friendly and easy to navigate. I love how you can customize almost every function to meet your needs!
Client reminders 
Searched for appointment software for a while and 10 to 8 has everything I need for my business.  I like the whole package . Easy to use and my clients love it . 
The plans don't suite my needs as I have less than 100 appointments for the month but would like you be able to personalise my messages etc 
Easy to customize and that's just the free version when you use the paid service your clients will love it it looks a lot more professional and even if you just use the free version it is still a great software to use.
Automation of calendar appointment setting. SMS reminders to attendees. Email reminders to attendees. Ability to receive Stripe payments in advance of setting appointment. Integrate with website. Service and location settings by individual person.
I wish that I could have a little bit more customization to allow it to really flow with my website. It does to a degree, but changing the colors and fonts more to the style of my website would be great.
this tool made it easier to better serve our customers by making all our attention and availability available to them
the more we can facilitate the lives of our customers the more we can create empathy and this is one of the purposes of using this tool, allowing our customers the range to serve them in the best possible way
the tool does not configure itself you need a minimum of knowledge to configure the application
I like the layout of the schedule and how organized it is. It keeps me on schedule and helps make re-scheduling an easy process.
I think that overall there could be more display options that enable you to customize the appearance of the schedule.
