It a great e-commence application. Handling of our transactions has become more simple and easier for us. 
We have tired other similar software applications but this has been the perfect one that fit into our business model. 
Overall, we are thrilled with lightspeed and would recommend it all day long. 
This is my first restaurant ipad based POS system and we love it!  It is very intuitive and easy to navigate. Employees training period is very short compared to other "old school" pos systems.  Lots of great features! 
The reporting could be more thorough. There are some missed opportunities for lightspeed to be a "one stop shop" software. 
I think it’s a good bang for your buck
No real setup you have to do. Pretty much what you see is what you get. I like their training videos. That was very helpful for our implementation. 
Some features are limited. Contract was kind of long and made me a little nervous to sign it upfront. 
I like the ease of reporting, inventory control, and support. 
Sometimes, it takes a few more steps to get where I need to be, but it doesn't slow me down.
My overall experience with the software is great. It is easy from an inventory management perspective and since it moved to being hosted online I can access my day to day sales from anywhere. 
What I like most about the software is how my orders from distributors seamlessly integrate into my inventory.
The one thing I wish was better were the online presence options. 
Anytime I have any questions or need something resolved the support is amazing!!  Our inventory  management is spot on and it is very easy to utilize the customer loyalty program we have.  Very user friendly for all ages. 
Ease of use, very easy to set up on the back end, great add on's (Loyalty program), ecom is very easy to set up.  Able to pull up sales or reports from my phone anytime.  Great inventory management very easy to check in merchandise and take inventory.
The breakdown on the sales receipt so it is easier for the customer to read. 

Sorting items was made simple and it was exceptionally easy to understand. The thing that separates them to others is their support team which is very helpful and accommodating.	
Inventories and gatherings can be puzzling sometimes. Yet once you become acclimated to it, it will make your life easy. Besides that, I haven't discovered whatever I truly loathe about the application.
don't waste your time w this
easy to use, ounce you know what you doing blah blah blah blah blah ujvgiuiuecjoierxkioewxkoiewmxr orimcoixkeioxioecxk mvrcmkixoperkxiperkci mrgckieorkcx
no phone support I pay 120 dollars per store. when moneris is 60 dollars. pos system always shuts off on Fridays doesn't work rite. got quoted from lightspeed a cheaper price, then all of a sudden the price went up 30 percent garbage
1) Easy to use! (No matter who uses it, it's easy to pick up because it's straight forward)
2) You can customize it to your liking! (It caters to both our catering and dine-in business)
3) AMAZING customer support! (Whether on the phone , chat or simply browsing through their website, your questions will always be answered!)
It would be nice if there was a little more face-to-face interactions between the client and the company for a more personal relationship.
Overall I really do like our Lightspeed POS system, and am glad we use it in our retail/restaurant hybrid situation. I trust that they'll continue to work to integrate them at an accelerated pace. 
We use Lightspeed on both the restaurant and bar sides of our business, moreover, the Lightspeed Retail feeds directly to our eCom site. I especially like that there are a lot of inventory management and reporting features on the retail side, and in a perfect world it should be a perfect tool for managing the physical and financial aspects of inventory. There are lots of different ways to handle customer payments,  including credit accounts. We do have a few thousand SKUs, but still, Lightspeed POS still seems to work for us. 
I do not like that the interfaces for retail/restaurant/eCom are not the same. Reporting is relatively intuitive within each branch of the software, but it seems like if you're selling a comprehensive package then you would make them similarly intuitive so that going between different parts of one business is seamless. The Lightspeed Restaurant POS reporting seems a bit flawed to me - it does not offer any sort of till reconciliation information, despite the fact that it asks you to count in and count out your till every day. 
The low up-front cost of Lightspeed's system was my initial draw, and I'm very happy with the results since.  Customer service responds to the few minor problems that I have had, and sometimes our suggestions as to improvements of the software are actually implemented, making you feel as though Lightspeed is interested in providing a quality product.
While my salesperson was great, I've heard from others that they've experienced pushy or rude salespeople.  That, however, is hearsay so I can't put too much weight in it.  Every POS system has its problems, but I appreciate that Lightspeed actually seems interested in improving.
Lightspeed is so easy to use, it's very user friendly. I am very much in a tourist town so I am hiring summer help every year and showing new employees is so easy. 
I wish there was a way to email an invoice to someone and have them be able to pay it online. Seems like all other systems can do that.
I own two mattress stores in Austin, TX and have used LS for over 3 years. Most of the functions on LS are intuitive and the workflow is easy to get a handle on. It is simple enough that I can train a new employee quickly, and yet robust enough that it helps me keep an eye on all the pertinent information.  

Some of the initial set up is a bit confusing, but I found the LS staff to be patient and helpful (whether they are talking with me or my book keeper). 

We enjoy the fact that the receipts are very customizable and look very nice for a large purchase such as a mattress. I also love the related products feature, we sell in sets and we can build product relationships to reflect that.

The reporting system is great as well. It is not highly intuitive, but once you get the hang of it you can decipher all the information you need. I would like to see improvements in the mobile app as well as in the 'station' settings.

Overall, this is a fantastic product for Mac based retail stores. I love how it functions and love how it feels.

Wouldnt recomend,  do your research, dont trust online reviews and talk to store owners
Lots of features,  inventory control, reporting, reordering,
All in one built in with credit card processing is a plus(when it works)
It crashes, freezes, barcode scanners tgst lightspeed offers dont work well,
Cayeen credit card processes that lightspeed offers does crash oftentimes, we spend hours with customer support, 
We spend a lot of money to switch our stores to lightspeed, i wish we did a better research, and wish there were more truthful reviews on it,
It probably good for a small restaurant or an ice cream shop, but for such a small scale business clover will work just fine 
Great reporting, easy to use simplicity. Constantly improving the software, interface, features, etc. It is superb for inventory management. Gift Cards are easy to use, re-use, re-charge, etc. Customer loyalty programs are being integrated, once more are integrated, this platform will be far above the competition. 
This platform is great for starting small, or large. It has all the features you didn't know you would need. With constant feedback from customers like myself, they are constantly listening and improving the retail POS systems. 
I know I list quite a few things I don't like, but the software's great qualities far exceed the negatives, which may be phased out sooner or later with updates. 
Cloud based, when it has issues, you are stuck with just an iPad or Computer. Nothing can be done with the systems. No sales, no reports, nothing. The Technology division reports that they are working to improve infrastructure, so I hope that happens before the 2015 holiday season. They are a very popular POS system and are growing very fast. 

Credit Card readers are subpar with Element Payments, but improving. Plus the EMV card readers are due in a couple of months. I've used both the headphone & lightning connector styles for the iPad. Each have positives and negatives. The headphone card reader wears out if you swipe alot, I swipe approx 25-50/day and its lasted about 8 months and is constant on reading cards. Lightning connector card reader isn't designed to be used while charging your iPad. So if you run 50+ transactions in a day on the iPad, you will need to remove the card reader to charge the iPad mid day, because charging the iPad through the card reader takes so long that the iPad uses power faster than its recharged, so removing the card reader to keep the iPad charged is a nuisance. Also the micro usb charging port on the Lightning Card reader looses its connection like all micro USB connectors typically do with wear. The iPad uses Wifi & Bluetooth all day for the internet and barcode reader, so it drains the power quickly. I may switch to the computer versions for holidays when we are busy and cant be recharging the iPad all the time. 

When you create your account, be ready to be charged for each employee after you have more than 7 in the system. If you don't keep track of employee sales, times, etc using the system, then a single pin for each sale will work, but if you want to use all the employee tracking features for sales, time, you have to pay for each employee you add to the system after 7 I believe. I use 9-12 employees off and on, so I have to pay for each one for the full year after #7. The employee's should be included in the package price, up to 15, then have a price structure for the next 5, not each one. It becomes more expensive as you grow as a business and want to keep track of employee data.

It has no commissions structure. So if you want to give commissions, you have to do that manually with your reporting data.
**Not publishing. Will pass along info to LightSpeed in the morning. -ML**

They are nice and kind before they sign you up, once they do, you can't get in touch with a soul over at their office.  Salesmen lie about the contract and then overcharge your account.  Their no refund policy is a joke. 
Customer service is horrible, they lie about the contract, I was overcharge $250 and they basically told me "tough".
Bad customer support. Very much about making a sale and another sale but once you made the sale there is no one to talk to for support or when you want to cancel an item of subscription they will give you the run around. 
It’s web based, and has all basic good functionality
The way to look up inventory in multi location is not easy. Matrix products are not connected on the front end, it would help if they would be showing up in connection and to be able to view inventory for each of the variations. 
I'm in the customer service business and having the ability to call [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] has been a great asset when starting a business. He's made all the difference in the world having Lightspeed.
Lightspeed is easy to use and easy setup. It a very cost-effective system as I looked at multiple system. They have added on options that help with online order (which I have not activated yet, but I plan to).
I would like to be able to customize live reports. Ex. compare hour by hour from last week to this week. Or be able to compare trends from week to week on sale and customer volume.
-We switched to Lightspeed from ShopKeep because we needed to manage the inventory of our 5 locations in one place. That part works okay, once you figure out all the idiosyncrasies of the restock and reorder system. We had to hire a person just to manage the work-arounds we put in place to make Lightspeed a functional system for my business (because there are so many tedious extra steps). 
-Feeling stuck is the worst feeling as a small business owner. Lightspeed make me feel stuck. I hit a new wall in the system regularly, and when I ask for what I need, the answer is ALWAYS "no, we can't do that." Some examples:

-The system does very little to tie sales and inventory together, it does next to nothing. You can export a sales report by item name, which is great. It tells you how many you sold, your sales numbers, and how many you have left.  But the vendor information nor the department information for the sold items is not on the export. That makes the report useless in terms of knowing what vendors your business is coming from. Their answer is you can then export vendor sales separately. That is not helpful, because that export does not include item info or department info, nor does it tell you your on-hand inventory. There is not a single way in Lightspeed to view your sales and on-hand inventory in one place, and because their exported reports are so sparing of relevant information, I can't even create my own. This is a major flaw. With ShopKeep, at least I could get my data out of the system to manipulate it how I needed. With Lightspeed, I am SOL. 

-I don't even call customer service anymore because 100% of the time all they do is validate the problem and then offer no solution. Their consistent response is to tell me to make a suggestion to their developers. 

-I have been in business 10 years. We have 5 locations, and a website. I have 40 employees. I think Lightspeed would work for a single location or 2 location business. But any more than the system creates more work than it takes away. Looking back, I wish I would have stayed with Shopkeep. 
The check-out system is nice and easy.
For multi-locations it is helpful to see sales and inventory in one place.
-there is no flexibility in the system. The way Lightspeed wants you to see and retrieve your data is the ONLY way you can get your data. And their way 90% of the time is not relevant to the basic needs of a retailer to analyze and evaluate their business.
-Customer Service is not responsive. The company does not seem willing to listen to complaints or provide work arounds to the rigidity of the system.
- The eCom site is FULL of problems that they do not have a handle on. There are many limitations with the way you have to present information on the site.
-It's very expensive for what you get. I was willing to pay a premium for a system I was told would exceed our needs and expectations. For the 2 things it does well, there are 98 headaches. 
-They do not offer refunds or a way out of your contract if you are unhappy. 

Sales commits on support for initial implementation and never takes ownership when an issue comes up
Easy navigation, integration with eCommerce, retail product features (however over-promise on features)
Incapable customer service, Lack of ownership for issues, very difficult to set-up software and hardware
