Great experience
User friendly, reporting, autoresponder, email delivery is good.
Would like to see the help content a bit easier to use.
I liked that it has a good reputation and that it ensures good open rate.
The pricing went up and the features didn't which is why I switched to another email provicer.
I was told Aweber would be a good choice for its customer service and boy is that true! Every time I have asked a question I get prompt answers that are not just generic cut and paste. The customer service people I have dealt with are all super knowledgeable and go deep on their explanations. Total Legends! I have personally dealt with [SENSITIVE CONTENT]. several times and she is super prompt in her replies and gives very specific information which directly answers my questions.  Thanks!
I can't see a preview of all my campaign sequence emails in one screen. 
The overal experience with AW is superb. We highly recommend it to the likeminded niche people.
Excellent platform to accomplish your marketing goals. The bnest way to use AW is to use their templates and built in features.
Pricing a bit higher compared to other providers but yes, value for the money!
My experience with Aweber's customer support even when I start as a free trial was something to take home about.

It's easy to create both HTML templates for your emails and also, their easy drag and drop email builder makes it possible to design your email templates or pick from the library of already made templates and edit your campaigns.

Email campaigns can also be shared with someone else to import all the flows to their autoresponder with Aweber and save a lot of stress.
I love Aweber's ease of signing up plus, it's a powerful autoresponder with a nice user interface, great email list management, custom segmentation, and the fact that it even delivers analytics to your email after sending an email campaign makes it my favorite.  As compared to ConvertKit, Aweber is still cheap and an affordable autoresponder to rely on.

Aweber has outstanding customer service which you can reach at any point in time from email, live support, and phone call.

Aweber's Campaign flows feature is currently my third best but then it lacks some features as compared to sender. An example of that feature I was looking for is setting a condition of either a subscriber is qualified to receive the next flow or change a path. That which I can't find in an expensive autoresponder like Aweber.
Aweber is a very adaptable software. I love their email marketing tactics. I believe they stand out when compared to other email marketing software.
Occasionally, Aweber emails will go to spam instead of the inbox. This is a problem because it won't ever be seen by the receiver because it is in spam.
It's been both a positive and negative experience. I'm still not sure I will stay with them longterm.
Aweber has stood the test of time. It is easy to get set up and get going. I like that it is stable, and it is always encouraging to me when I see that very successful people whose emails I let into my inbox are using Aweber.

Their customer service was very helpful to me when I was getting my account set up and had questions on a few things.
I do not care for their boring confirmation messages, and the fact that if I want something that is different, I have to get approval from them before I can use it.

I also saw a huge flaw when I participated in a promotional event with several others who also use Aweber. Apparently, when somone signs up for several email lists that are all hosted on Aweber, in a short space of time, Aweber sees that behavior as "spammy" and automatically unsubscribes that person from all the lists he/she subscribed to. 

Their argument is that it protects Aweber customers and it protects their system overall. The problem is that it is unsubscribing people who actually want to receive these emails and if you are delivering a product by email, or even giiving information by email on how the new subscriber can receive that product, then the subscriber will never get that email. 

When I contacted Aweber about this twice, the support staff was very blasé about this. One support staff member was good enough to remove the block and resubscribe the persons who had been removed so they subscriber could get the emails. Another refused to do so, and said that the subscriber would have to contact them to remove the block. How many people are actually going to take this extra step to receive emails???
The interface is simplistic and easy to use.  A huge plus for a beginner and all users.  Love the features and capabilities as well
The biggest con was the cost for the size of the list my organization has.  It was not cost-effective to adopt as our platform
The layout and quality of resources are easy to locate are open rate for emails are far much better than other responders. The staff are so freindly and helpful should experince  technical problem.
I have no regrets to register because their services are well tailored to your needs and level of understanding.
Um excelente software, durante o tempo de uso eu fiquei muito satisfeito!
O software é muito funcional, a probabilidade de seus e-mails caírem na caixa de spam é baixíssima. O atendimento ao cliente é excelente, digo isso pois eu mesmo já precisei ser atendido, e além de resolverem o meu problema com agilidade eles tiraram todas as minhas dúvidas. 

Com toda certeza eu recomendo AWeber!
Moro no Brasil, e aqui tem alguns softwares tão bons quanto por um preço menor. Fora isso, nada a reclamar!
AWeber Email Marketing is good design, quick access, nice and easy to use, the best choice without competition
AWeber Email Marketing is an open system that needs better protection
AWeber has all the fundamentals you want for a small business, and does pretty a appropriate job at instructing first-time customers with its bevy of articles, movies and podcasts. The trouble is that, aside from patron service, there isn’t a unique vicinity they excel in when it comes to features.
AWeber have precise listing segmentation, permitting you to manipulate subscribers by using their automation features. You can without difficulty set up a rule, for example, that unsubscribes anyone from a unique listing after leaving another.
This is a pretty new feature. A few nice-looking templates are supplied and it’s pretty convenient to customise them as you wish. website positioning alternatives are available.
I am excited to have my landing page created directly from Aweber
This software makes my email marketing easy.
I am not really sure what I don’t like with this software 
My experience with Aweber was okay for the time that I used their service. I only stopped because the cost was getting too much as my contacts increased and I really didn't feel it was worth it any longer.
If there is one thing Aweber is good at, it is in getting your sent mails to the inbox of your contacts. There are lots of custom templates that can be used for sending newsletters. The autoresponder is easy to set up and there are lead capture pages you can use to build your list if you do not have alternative software for creating funnels or landing pages. It also allows for list segmentation and the reporting for mails sent out is also comprehensive and can help you out when doing cleaning up your contacts or doing list segmentation.  Support is also good and prompt
Importing a list can really become a hassle on Aweber and if not done right can get your account shut down fast. The cost also rises and piles up as your contacts continue to increase.
Customer support is great. Easy to set up and use. Can schedule emails easily. Overall, I think this service has better deliverability than other services.  
would like to be able to move people from list to list and start different follow up series based on their activity. 
I was moving from another stage and was overpowered by the specialized obstacle from the outset since I have a broad mailing list. The help group had the option to help me all through the interaction and made everything going great.
They are a monster in this industry and convey messages very great, however in some cases messages end up in the spam organizer out of the blue by any means. Get it's likely just such a lot of they can handle there. In any case, in spite of the fact that they're a the highest point of this field, there are more reasonable email the executives choices that can improve work. So my recommendation isn't to get up to speed by large names and do some examination on different organizations too all together t track down the best most moderate answer for you.
