This software is much easier to use than others I have experience with. It feels like excel on steroids. Easy to import/export excel documents. Great for team permissions.
I like the interface. It is easy to use and managing users with or without licenses are easy.
I have to say there isn't anything I don't like about the software. It does what we need it to do.
It helps keep with reporting and inventory management on track.  
The convivence and easy use of the software
I would like a search option button to help locate a single item or word
If you are looking for a tool to communicate and collaborate on projects with team members, it is worth giving it a shot,  as it acts as a single source of communication and information for everyone on the team.
There are a few features about this product that stands out to me, and here are the top 3 I like about more:
1. Sheets and reports can be organized into folders and left on workspace with ease of access.
2. Visualization! The dashboard helps reflect progress with better visuals.
3. Able to create and customize drop-down menus within cells to set deadlines, assign tasks, and create checklists etc.
Sometimes the page can get too large, this is difficult to scroll back and forth on a laptop screen.
Always having a large bandwidth internet can be challenging, as data increases, it takes longer time for reloading. So high speed internet with good connection is not always an option when working remotely outside home or office.
As an analyst, I contrinute to many different projects on a daily basis and establishing a Smartsheet file to track our progress is a huge benefit.  We are able to schedule half as many meetings for updates because the group's status (or lack of) is always available for review.  Also, we use the upload function to store many documents in the workbook.  Hugely valuable.  
It functions perfectly but the program itself resembles Excel (which we also work with).  Perhaps a more elegant and weelcoming display?  
Overall, Smartsheet enabled us to collaborate and project manage multiple workflows, tasks and plans across 3 different organizations. We were able to leverage a lot of features which saved time and effort.

The other great advantage it offered was that it enabled enhanced real time visibility into a lot of areas.
Smartsheet enables the right amount centralization and decentralization for 'sheet' management. spinning up different instances/ workflows is easy, fast and replicable.
There are some opportunities to add Automation (almost like excel VBA or Scripts on google sheets). These kind of features which help with automating dashboard data may immensely help users/ teams create things that semi-automated. (referring to UIPath and other automations to be more advanced).
It saves me time and could save more if more co-workers used it.
it allows me to track projects effectively and it is cost effective.
It is not as intuitive as you would expect. You really have to work to get it to do what you want.
Our project team uses this software for many projects and it makes it easy that everyone can view the project schedule, milestones, etc.
Like the team feature, everyone on the project can review or make changes as needed.
Formatting the sheet can be problematic.
Smartsheet is used locally for project planning, and we appreciate how simple the Dashboards are to use. The pre made Dashboard layouts were fantastic, and they were the primary reason I chose Smartsheet. I appreciate the fact that there are free instructive videos and e Learning's available. 
I am starting using spreadsheets and process sheets in Excel, and while there are some Excel capabilities that I can integrate, there are others that I cannot do so, including freezing a row in a worksheet. It would be pretty beneficial. If there were a function for that, that would be fantastic.
So far it has been beneficial to the organizations we work with and within.
Quick to deploy, relatively easy to set up and onboard users. Primary use case is for project management, but can be used for business analysts and requirements management and signoff. Having the ability to set up templates for non-licensed users to participate is also a beneficial function to save costs.
Very limited abilities for non-licensed users.
Easy to create and manage work flows and also since it is cloud based, it can be accessed anywhere and anytime. You can also change filters and reorder views which allows you to customize it the best way to fulfill your team need
This product is incredible, it will just let anyone use it no need to code or be a tech-savvy, it will allow us to track time, create reports, dashboards. There is a library that helps you locate templates that makes it even easier to basically do anything. It is very simple and easy to use.
Some forms are very basic, they should have more options and we should be able to edit them. Also it is not very easy to set up reminders.
Easy to use, easy to add collaborators, inexpensive alternative to MS Project, very easy to setup and configure
Needs better integration with ticketing systems like Jira and notifications to those on the project.  A dashboard showing overall progress on a project or all projects would be nice.
Project management, operation and service demands, procurement management, HR suport management, SL/KPI reporting
Simple setup and implementation, low demand for support for the beginning users. 
Graphics, connectivity to other apps. Low descriptions of potentila features for users . 
I have been using Smartsheet for a long time and I consider it to be very useful software for work, as well as allowing my colleagues to use the same project we are working on at the same time.
I love using this tool for work as it offers me multiple functions that streamline and quickly manage my projects. Smartsheet has a very amazing and nice interface.
One of the things I don't like about Smartsheet is that it is very limiting, plus you need an internet connection to use this software.
This is a great system to manage team projects and tasks. There are many features within spreadsheets and other tasks that make this manageable.
It is difficult to access on mobile devices, which perhaps could be improved. Sometimes the permission and systems to assign those permissions.
Vital for keeping teams organized, projects planned and details organized!
Smartsheet is an absolutely indispensable tool for any project manager in any organization. Period! Easy to use yet robust and feature-rich. There's so much you can do with this thing!
I love Smartsheet but the UI could use a little refresh. Some of the menu items and tools are a little hidden and could use a typeface update.
Good thing to use when I am writing. Would recommend.
The product works great I have not had any issues with it.
I love using smartsheet for cross department and cross functional team project planning. This has helped increase efficiency by decreasing emails and allowing people across locations to see the same information and contribute as well.
I love how easy smartsheet is to use and track things. I use this to make detailed calendars for specific operations tasks that need to be completed each day, and love utilizing the alert feature so the responsible party is sent a reminder email on the specified date. Project collaborators can also leave comments on the tasks they are responsible for, or you can use conditional formatting to check off tasks that are complete. There is a lot of flexibility in how you use the software - whether it is for project management, checklists, or tracking any kind of info like a budget as well.
There are some limitations with the functionality of formulas, but I prefer the simple interface and other functions over excel.
Smartsheet helps our organization with planning, tracking, automating, and reporting to name a few.  Smartsheet also has an app making it very convenient to access materials on the go.   The customer service and support team listens to our concerns and are readily available to assist with our needs.
Our organization has no cons to list for the software.
