Very clean platform.
User experience is the best.
Customer succes support is very good 
Templates, sequencies and dashboards is awesome
Price, is so much expensive for Brazilian business
It logs all your emails from clients to give oversight to other members in the team. Even better, it's free for the basic functions!
I had a few issues with it logging out of  my account repeatedly. It can also take up quite a large portion of your email program screen
With HubSpot Crm we made our task management flow better arranged. Because it is easier to manage a team with HubSpot Crm and tracking the tasks are comfortable.
What impressed me was the helpful tutorials and fast team support. During their promotional emails I still got so many interesting facts. As CRM HubSpot offers features to make workflow faster. For example within customized email templates I was setted free to copy paste job. Besides you can track people if they have read your email or not.
In mobile the HubSpot is almost dead. The way of getting notification could be much better meaning that instead of email notification they could add an option like alarm because sometimes a lot of tasks arises and later on I see just a lot of unread emails on my email box.
I have implemented HubSpot for multiple companies and has always had the functionality the companies needed. 
Very thorough knowledge base. Easy to setup and maintain.
Certain features like workflows require an upgrade and can be expensive for some SMBs.
Jugcvkhhbkslbgusbektkxbwkekdkdnxnwnskdiuv
Hgcghbnn'hejejebej4ksnzkzkendbdkekdnebebeben
Jyggbnlojuugcvbbjiuujcxfvvbn'kjgxxxx.   'k
I got the starter pack for all, CSM, Marketing, Sales, etc. for a low price but you pay out the nose for marketing contacts and the value added isn't actually a whole lot. You could use an emailing service like ConstantContact or even a cold email service and get better value for monthly cost for marketing contacts. 

I originally set it up to be an all-in-one location for all my contact management but that hasn't been the case, though it HAS replaced A LOT of my platforms, it still hasn't yet replaced Monday.com. 

Also, there isn't an easy way yo separate out the CRM, like compartmentalize people who are receiving marketing compared to clients that are specifically sales. This means having two HubSpot accounts, one for marketing and one for sales and it's just a hastle. If they only made a user-level experience where you could effectively hide all the marketing contacts from sales until they become sales contacts, it would fix the issue. 

The main thing we use Monday for is because it's a light platform we can push all our sales cycles through for task management. Where as HubSpot still has a poor sales pipeline management system with updates that should have been done YEARS ago. I've seen people complaining about the "NEW DEAL" tag with all new sales deals since 2018 and it's still there! Crazy to me this pipeline system need aa revamp and it's not getting enough attention

The HubSpot CRM offers connections to different platforms, an easy-to-analyze pipeline and a powerful database to store information about your contacts. It provides these features and many others for free, maximizing the value for your company and mitigating any of the system’s cons. 

With the HubSpot CRM, you’ll make your sales reps’ lives easier. They won’t have trouble finding contact records or activity reports. Instead, they’ll be able to focus on closing customers. Overall, these tools can help empower your sales team behind the scenes, so they deliver a great experience for prospects. 

To learn about all of the essential tools in a sales reps’ tech stack, check out The Complete Guide to Inbound Sales.
Connectivity: Most CRMs need to connect with other tools so your sales team can reach out to contacts. Because of this, sales acceleration or sales enablement platforms are common in many tech stacks. The HubSpot CRM avoids this problem. You can connect it directly to the Marketing, Sales and Service Hubs without worrying about maintaining integrations. In combining the tools, you can create a comprehensive customer engagement platform.

Track Pipeline: HubSpot allows you to see your entire sales pipeline in an organized dashboard. If you need to sort deals, create reports or track performance, those tools are readily available. By analyzing your sales team’s success, you can help them become more efficient and generate more conversions. By seeing projections for the future, you can optimize your strategy in the present.

Log activity: HubSpot tracks your interactions with prospects. Information on each touchpoint is saved in its database. With a record for each contact, you can review what’s working and what isn’t, determining how you can improve your outreach. By leveraging the breadth of data you collect, you can personalize your engagements, providing more value to contacts at each stage of their buyer’s journey.
Basic Reporting: For a free platform, HubSpot’s reports provide more than enough functionality to be worthwhile. The company is constantly attempting to improve its reporting features. With that in mind, there are limitations. 

One such limitation is that it’s difficult to report on data that wasn’t collected in HubSpot. For instance, at New Breed, we use Drift. While we can embed chatbots on our web pages, we get more depth by reporting on their performance natively in Drift. There are other more minor issues like not being able to compare a metric over two different time periods without manually creating two reports. Overall, HubSpot’s reporting tools don’t offer as much depth as they could, but this has been improving over time.

Newly Emerged: Since the HubSpot CRM hasn’t been around as long as other platforms, it doesn’t have all of the features that some CRMs do. With that in mind, HubSpot is constantly trying to improve. From our perspective, they’re succeeding. They regularly add new features to their software, allowing users to reap more benefits from their product.

Limited Depth: Because HubSpot offers a wide range of functionalities, individual tools may have a comparatively limited depth. HubSpot is such an extensible, diverse platform that they haven’t dug into as much detail in certain areas as their competitors that only focus on a singular function. The reporting section above is a good example of this. Normally, however, the depth they provide for any given
The great functionality and how they keep improving the software.  It is nice to have everything all in one place. 
I do not like that you can only send 5 emails in a sequence. I would also like more integration between the marketing and sales side of the software. 
Love the email tracking and wonderful having contacts all in the same place. As a solopreneur, it is like having a virtual assistant.


The comprehensive database, the intuitive tools, the ease of deployment - all of these are appreciated about this product.


Also, there is a hard limit of 1,000 custom fields, which is not something you can even buy more of, which in my opinion is a severe limitation.


If you're starting off and need a lot of guidance, it's great. If you're a seasoned marketer, you'll need to put down some money to get real results out of it. But frankly, it's one of the best in the market.
Easy, user friendly, and really practical to start with because videos, knowledge center and tutorials abound. They also have courses to train users on marketing, social media... while using their platforme so it was great for interns onboarding etc.
It get really costly, really fast. The return on investment is definitely worth the investment but you need to a certain level of growth for the update to be worth it.
Great and easy to use system.
Have many plugins and allow you to build your own.
Super intuitive and workable.
Helps sync the team between departments very easily.

The system connections and automations between diffrent objects, making the work and team sync to be super easy and fast.
The system help to grow you business from all espects.
Reports need more work, need to enable more customization.
Tasks needs to be developed more, and include comments and attachments. 

Overally Hubspot has been a help to our  team in tracking activity against prospects, effectiveness of email campaigns, sales pipeline, etc. 
At the small tech startup I work with we love that when we send emails, to individuals or large groups, we can see who has opened, clicked, etc. Adds extra visibility vs. sending from regular email. 
I have found it a little tricky to use at times. For example, I have created "Types" of contacts - I can search by type but have not been able to figure out how to send an email to everyone in a certain "Type." There must be a way but it's not apparent to me which is why I say it can be tricky. 
Good - excellent support and onboarding
Ease of use
Help & Support is fantastic
Knowledge library
Its interaction with outlook and display of stored emails can be hit and miss
Overall, I felt it was more designed for marketing and inside sales people.  It was hard to find older information.  
What I liked most about this software was the ability to do mass emails and marketing campaigns.  The software was easy to use and very self explanatory.
From a cost perspective, chances of our company to purchase it is slim to none.  I did not think it was designed for outside sales people but more for inside sales people.  I did not like the layout.
It was a good experience

Easy to navigate and a good investment guarantee



It is not widely distributed around the world
Free to start using so you can find out if you really like it or not.  You are able to upgrade to different add on's if you would like down the road.
Best if you are selling something, if you are using it to aquire things then it the features don't work as well
The thing that got us to use HubSpot CRM is that when you upload your database it fills the contacts information automatically.
Bad support. I had troubles with multi checkbox option and asked them via email but they ignored me. 
It's easy to use, helpful and I recommend it to clients and they feel the same.
They offer so much in their free CRM, and it's so helpful. As a boutique marketing and media business, it give me everything I truly need under their free tier and I love that.
There are some automations that I wish were included in the free tier, but I understand why they're not.
Solving the problems of easily outreaching to new prospects. Cuts the amount of time spent dramatically compared to other CRMS in my experience. I love the user friendly aspect of the product along with the certain amount of depth into analytics that HubSpot offers. I see it is a great balance between approachable, effective and automated. 
I like the functionality and layout of the software. I find it to be very easy to use and navigate for outbound calls and prospecting and lead creations. The CRM is a great tool to monitor points of contact send email sequences and stands out in the fact that it is truly easy to use and not intimidating.

A double edged sword. As much as this CRM is a great platform for outbound efforts and managing customers I find that for a Sales team it can be lacking in some of the more detailed analytics.
Hubspot has helped us identify who our visitors are and that has been very helpful 
We love hubspot!  We love how it helps us track all of our visitors and break that down by demographics 
Nothing!  It’s a great tool and we love it a lot.  It’s very easy to use and there isn’t anything that we don’t like 
