Recommended
calendar view of all post for all projects
tags in posts
- need to set up manually the time period for calendar and save it for future use
- long and a bit complicated reporting
- tags are not always saved 
The only thing is the Cons of Instagram. if Instagram Will work like Facebook it Will be perfect
I liked the fact that it partly takes away my responsability. I dont have to Think about posting my post: 
the fact that it doesn t share direclty on Instagram.
- Easy to use
- Planning with calendar view
- Clear and good work mobile app
- A lot of planning features
- Workflow options
- FB link customization options
- good price
Will be nice to have some features to planning non-social media task, like articles on blog or promo campaing
Transparency, easy to handle, calendar view, mobile application
It is almost indispensable for my work.
automatized scheduling of instagram posts,
possibly I would love to have a more beautiful downloadable pdf

If we wouldn't have another suite which now has social planning included we would have stayed with Kontentino, since it worked perfectly for us!
As a SaaS this was a blast to implement and use without any restrictions. Collaboration made easy!
Previews sometimes misleading + Analytics could be better, but that's really all.
Super kind, helpful people at the customer support, great job!
Scheduling is good, approval process with clients sped up significantly
They changed the design, so it took me a bit to get used to
Automated a lot of our menial tasks and client chasing, allowing us to focus more on strategy. 
It's the only platform at this time that schedules videos on LinkedIn and can tag company profiles.
It has sped up client approval time drastically. The time our team spends on posting for clients has been reduced by a significant amount. The limited client access for approval is nifty and the fact that they cannot view the internal team comments on the posts. The support instant chat is very much instant. 
We're awaiting the LinkedIn reporting tool to go live. This will unlock new levels of this incredible platform. 
Great product to use. Managing accounts is very easy. Love to work with this tool. It has a lot of pottential
I can t wait for having analytics. So that kontentino is a 1 stop place for Social media. Also react on comments would-be great to have in the future.
I've been using Kontentino for a couple of years now and it made my life, and that of my colleagues, a lot easier. 
It helped organised an entire team on one client and content plan. No needless or lost e-mails anymore. All your assets on one place where-ever you are. A real time saver too! 
Btw, fabulous customer service that is really focused on making a good product that works for everyone.
It's hard to find something that I dislike about Kontentino. Whenever there's an issue or something, there's always someone who's there to help me out.
It is a nice app to use and surely if you are with a large group that every body knows what to do.
The thing that you could work in one document all together and that is automatically saves all  the things.
Searching the things that i didn't know where it was in the app.
Kontentino has amazing customer support. If you ever get stuck you can rest assured that you will be assisted ASAP. 
I have been using Kontentino for a few years now and I love how much time I save! 
Kontentino allows me to manage all of my content, assign tasks to various team members (such as translators and designers), and send content to client's for approval - all on one platform! 
I would love to see more reporting features in the future, especially for LinkedIn. 
I'm using kontentino every day for management of mulitple brand facebook and instagram accounts. First thing I've noticed is that it is very straightforward and easy to use. Not only for me, but also for my clients for feedbacking my posts and then for my colleagues for internal approving and reworking graphics or creative in general.
- Simple design
- User friendly interface
- Assigning content for reworking or internal approving
- No need to explain clients how to use it
- Incorporation of latest Facebook formats: 360 photos, Carousels, Website clicks ads and so on
- Available inspirations for posts

That it doesn't incorporate statistics or analytics. But maybe that's not the aim of creators at all. Sometimes its better to focuse on one thing and do it good. 
Kontentino saves me time and energy each month when approving social posts for clients. 
It is very easy to navigate. I enjoy the calendar view for my social posts for the month. Adding comments, corrections, and notes to the social posts makes the approval process so much easier! 
Kontentino is the first tool, which is really simple. I do not need excel sheets and word documents anymore. Thats lovely!
It was a good experience, it is very easy to schedule and you can work in advance. I would recommend it to other people because it was a nice experience.
You can post a week at forward at what day and time you want your post to be posted.
You can also see what your collegues posted and what is already posted.
You can duplicate your post so kontentino also post your post on facebook and not only instagram.
Sometimes if you wanted to post a picture kontentino said that it wasnt the right size so they wouldn't post it.
We use Kontentino as a social media publishing tool in Exponea. I like how easy it is to use - it represents a great way for any business to syndicate their content to all the major social networks. When it comes to organizing and executing on your content strategy, you would be hard pressed to find a solution better than Kontentino. The scheduling and integrations make it easy to share your content across channels in order to make sure you increase the reach of your audience. 

I also appreciate the smooth approval process of the post - from copy creation, graphic design, final approval by management and scheduling.


Calendar view for multiple social media accounts is much appreciated, since we are using various social media channels.
Kontentino made uploading and planning content very easy. 
Sometimes uploading pictures through Kontentino made the quality of the picture worse, so we had to delete and upload it again. 
Has a well thought out interface and design.
It's missing the ability to fully schedule to Instagram which is a deal breaker for us.
easy to use, perfect client service, good value for money :)) 
making my life a lot easier
can't think of  any right now, so deal with it  :D 
The program was utilized in the structure of a school task. This was a totally new encounter for me and the group. Kontentino made working in a gathering simple as every part could design and alter posts. The schedule was extremely useful.

Posts on Instagram at times should have been posted physically by means of the portable application. This application wasn't exceptionally helpful. At the point when we needed to post more pictures at the same time we expected to post it straightforwardly through Instagram, which made it extremely difficult to design.


