Data loss is minimised 
The software is simple to install and use 
The big data analytics is simplified and easy to do with the software 
There is no support whether in person or online and it ought to be there to help the new users of the app 
I use it for specific reports for our Boards of Overseers and Trustees. It makes recreating the reports each quarter very fast and easy. 
It makes showing social media growth, use, and engagement (particularly with Twitter) easy and efficient. By saving your dashboard items you can generate new reports just by changing the timeframe.
It is somewhat limited in functionality and can be difficult to understand what the metrics mean (for example year over year, quarter over quarter, month over month and so on.) 
This software is amazing because it allows me to connect the apps that I use the most with each other. From email to messages, to marketing software. I would really recommend this software to any business owner. This dashaboard allows us to track our ROI and our ad spent between different marketing platforms.
There is nothing bad that I would say about this platform. It has allowed us to show our clients their true ROI. 
Just amazing!
The accuracy and it's stable performance.
Nothing wrong at all. So what cons should add?
Cyfe is truly a comprehensive tool that we used to monitor our marketing and web analytics. It has similarities to apps like Brand 24, but what's cool is that it has full seo stats and things like project management
no cons really. It does exactly what its suppose to do
When we picked up a round of investment in our startup, we needed a way to keep our investors updated with a few key metrics. Sending an update email monthly is fine, but we wanted a way to let investors do a deep-dive in their own time. Cyfe did the job perfectly for us.

I was able to set up individual dashboards for investors within Cyfe, with fine-grained control over the metrics shown. Everything was self-updating, so I never had to worry about making charts in powerpoint and excel for investor updates. This freed me up to focus on growing the business.
Cyfe has a simple and minimal interface. Getting started is easy, and I had my first dashboard set up within minutes using the built-in Google Analytics integration.
Cyfe provides a number of built-in integrations from common data sources, but this list could have been more extensive. A dashboard is only as good as the data it can display. And we can only display data if we can access it.

Luckily Cyfe does provide a way to build your own custom integration - via MySQL. So when I could not find an integration I needed, I had to create an intermediate mysql database, with the data in a format that Cyfe could then pick up and use with it's built-in MySQL integration.
Overall Cyfe is great to view historical data at a glance, as long as the software doesn't erase your history due to password changes or glitches. It is a great idea, and the customizable dashboard is great but I feel that it could definitely use some improvements. 
This is a great software to track social media, sales, marketing, and more. We use it to keep track of our social media growth and advertisements. It's nice to be able to see every platform in one spot and it makes searching for information a lot easier. We keep a separate spreadsheet and update it manually each week based on information collected from Cyfe. We like that you can search by date and metric, and it has been great to see our growth over the past few months!
The Instagram widget is very glitchy, and every time you reset your password for your Instagram account, the Cyfe data erases and resets (hence why we keep a manual record of everything). This can be very frustrating for viewing historical data. Also, it would be awesome if the Twitter widget could be customized since it also will erase your data if you try and change any settings. Overall I think it's a great platform but definitely needs some work when it comes to keeping historical data secure. We're constantly fretting over accidentally erasing our data and don't want to mess with the settings too much. We were hoping to not have to keep manual records at all once implementing Cyfe, but we feel that we still need to just as a backup.
It was great, we used this tool to set up dashboards for a large property management company. This allowed us to share dashboards with regional managers in an organized and professional manner.
Love the customization options for this software, there is so much that you can set up. You have the ability to customize it for each client with the use of dashboards to show the KPI's and statistics that matter to them most. It makes setting up dashboards fun and rewarding due to ease of set up.
There were instances that I needed a developer to help in the set up process. This was most likely due to needing a developer to set up tag manager, google analytics and goals/conversions in the first place. Always make sure you have that taken care of first and foremost.
We have enjoyed being able to utilize Cyfe to get a more wholistic view into our marketing. 
I love being able to look at one report and get all the info I need without bouncing between multiple tools and remembering multiple logins. 
The thing I like the least is the lack of customization on chart types and layouts. I am a marketing person so look and feel is everything for me. 
Great product. Does what it promises. Ideal for small businesses that want to share a dashboard with clients. Customization offered is really great. 
They should come up with a mobile app also. Wouldn't mind paying extra for that. 
Please introduce other currencies, dollar fluctuations can sometimes ruin the budget. 
Easy to use
Configuration etc is very easy and does not take a lot of time
Best feature is that it allows you to customize the logo and brand name

Slightly expensive 
Pricing is in dollars, for those who are not in US, the fluctuation in currency causes extra load 
Cyfe makes it easy to see the data from our website in one convienient place. 
The metrics are all basically quantitative, there are no quallative data gathering. 
All of your metrics and ROI in one location, easily set up, and allows you to follow up on the progress of your campaigns
There is a lack of integration with other programs that would track other metrics for our pages, so for further research other programs are needed
Overall experience was good. As they have all features what i am looking for
The value for money is the best. Also the pre built widgets are so useful to use. Another thing to add is historical data is stored or archived so the user never loses their data
The only complaint i have is against customer support. They need to improve in that category since i wanted to cancel after trial but the customer support took it forever
Real-time reports on our big data solutions 
The software is easy to install and use 
There is free trial version of the software available before one makes the decision to acquire the software 
Based on each users internet connection and bandwidth sometimes it may difficult to generate any reports from the software 
Cyfe is good design, quick access, nice and easy to use, the best choice without competition
Cyfe is an open system that needs better protection can always be even better and of better quality
The dashboard capabilities in Cyfe are truly amazing. The ability to combine online metrics with offline metrics in one dashboard is priceless. From a marketing perspective, this platform helps guide business development decisions as well as showing ROI.

The only limitations I've experienced have been when a social media platform changes its API connections. This can result in a dashboard full of empty widgets. Still, a short time reconnecting with the new metrics and you're back on track.
HUGE number of potential connections and limitless board options
Limited reports for some connections (based on API opportunities).
Our real estate business utilising Google Sheets, Calendar and .CSV widgets to help all of our staff be made aware of what's happening in the business aswell as the RSS feed showing what is happening outside of our workplace to start preparing our workflow.
Integrates with almost every site/service
No option to choose the display pixel size to appropriately view on TV's, Trial and error in TV mode takes a fair bit of back and fourth testing
No weather Widget for Australia, Seems specific to USA only
