Being able to easily and quickly integrate our social accounts to report analytics for both the pages as well as the ads was amazing. Everything is easy to do. Branding it and making it look how you want was awesome.
The only thing I did not like was the price. It is the only reason we aren't going to be using Whatagraph. If there was a free version or a more affordable price point for small startups like us, that would amazing!
The team is all the time helping us. The integration and setup is easy.
Sending repports in native mail (not pdf).
Overall all, not bad.  If you need easy to read reports for clients that have trouble reading analytics, then this is a good solution.  They just need to fix some bugs on the backend.
Has a very unique way of displaying data in their reports.  Looks more like an infographic rather than an analytics report.  many of our clients like this layout as it's easy to read and understand.  They seem to add integrations on a regular basis and will fit the need of most markets who need reliable analytics reporting.
The backend UI can be clunky to use sometimes when trying to customize reports.  Have had issues in the past where data was not being pulled in properly and made the mistake of deleting the integration and trying to add it again.  Whatagraph currently makes you wait 7 days to add the same integration again, apparently to stop people from trying to add more integrations than the plan limits allows.  So basically, if you have a data reporting issue, do not try and fix it yourself, you have to contact support and wait a few days for them to get back to you.  They really need to fix this.
- Extremely fast and capable customer service
- Easy to customize for customer's needs
- Supports almost every channel

-Traffic sources have been dropping from time to time.

Aggregating market campaigning data from different sources
Before Whatagraph, we were using different analytic tools for different platforms. With Whatagraph, combining this data, and putting it together became so much easier.  It creates visualizations that are so easy to understand and present. The learning curve is minimal.
Honestly, I can't find anything that I would say is the least likeable thing for Whatagraph! It really has eased my job.
We wanted what it promised: an all-in-one reporting tool that allowed us to create customized, white-label reports. Unfortunately, as stated, the product was just too buggy, and because of that, it was sometimes hard to determine what was a training issue versus a legit bug. Even the white-label part got off to a shaky start. It was one of the major selling points in the demo. Then after purchase, we were told it wasn't available. Then after push back, it suddenly was available again. We had specifically been interested in their integration with Google Sheets. Long story short, that integration does not work in a meaningful way. They had to have developers work some very counterintuitive magic just to get a sheet to appear, and the idea of simple displaying a Google Sheet the way you have it set up is impossible. In the end, there were just too many problems and red flags. Finally, after a few weeks of trying to get it to work and realizing it wouldn't, we asked for a refund, which they refused. So, be advised , if you have problems, there is no refund, and you may find yourself out some or all of the $3,200 annual subscription fee (At least that was what they were billing me.) 
I like the idea of it being all-in-one and the idea of being able to customize reports. It has a lot of integrations. It seems like a product that would be very useful.
It simply is too buggy to use w/ any level of confidence. The date selector didn't even work for us initially. I had to report that to them. They acknowledged the issue and it took a day or so to fix. That was the beginning. It didn't get better. 
The ability to create streamlined reporting was crucial for me.
I found one small bug when I started using it, but it was fixed within weeks.  Other than that, nothing!
Monthly Management Report for Internet Activities. Fast and problem-free solution of the task.
For the monthly management meeting I needed a tool that quickly and easily shows the most important metrics around our website.

Due to the simple and logical concept of Whatagraph I was able to solve the task quickly and efficiently. For me it is very positive that after the setup I have no further effort to present the results.

Since I am the only employee working on these evaluations, this means a large work direction.

Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator
Personally, I think that the user interface might be a bit lighter and less technical. Practically this is not relevant, because the generated report looks perfect.
Really happy about it, I just set the report and it is automatically delivered to clients. Easy breezy :D 
Being social media manager I need to work a lot with creatives. Regarding that I was looking for a reporting platform which would show all of the post pictures and rank it from the best performing to worst. I did not find anywhere else this feature, but Whatagraph has it. Reports visually are very pretty, I think anyone can understand what I want to represent with it as it is so clear from the colors pallet and bars.
It took me some time to master this tool. There are a lot of functions and trying them all was a bit overwhelming. 
It's very easy to use, and the support staff is very responsive and easy to work with. They typically resolve any issues within the day, sometimes within a few minutes.
Sometimes when APIs for the external sources are updated, it takes a little bit for the updates to be fully reflected in Whatagraph, which can lead to a short period of time where we can't show our clients their reports because of missing/incorrect data. Usually this is not an issue, but when it does come up, it's a bit of an inconvenience.
Whatagraph beautifully displays data directly from our social data sources so our clients can easily digest the information. 
There is a frequent need to make updates to the reporting tool due to the ever-changing social media landscape. 
Great experience. Great onboarding process.
The platform reports analytics in a manner that is easy to understand. It uses icons to associate metrics with what the metrics mean.  Very client friendly.  
There are a few integrations that they are working on that will be helpful like integrating with Emma Email Marketing and Adroll. 
It saves me time with the premade templates and automation reports and my clients, like it very much. 
Easy to use and very nice infographic style reporting snapshots to summarise the data in different level of account. 

I would like to have more control on widgets and to use the custom data in different premade templates.
The onboarding was easy, customer support they offer is just amazing. Since it is a completely white-label tool - we make more using it (by selling the reports for our clients) than it costs for us to use it.
The best part of this tool is the complete automation, once you set up the report for the client, you can forget about it. The visualisation features and UX is amazing as well. 
There could be more Analytics functionallity
It is a very good tool for data visualization, and i like it much more than Google Data Studio or Power BI as i have used before. 
It is very easy to navigate i Whatagraph, and design the dashboard how you want it. 
Some of the sources can be bugging ut sometimes, and the connections are wrong. But the support are always there to help.
We are showing our clients the work that we're doing for them and this is incredibly important for our clients ROI. They want to see results and having a tool like WhatAGraph that can show data from virtually every source we use is hugely important.
Once the Next Gen version was implemented and we learned how to use it, WhatAGraph really assists us with showing how our clients are doing with their SEO, Google Ads and FB marketing. 
Minor glitches in the software. Data sources being randomly disconnected for no apparent reason. The "Merge" and "Keep Pages" options for the reports can cause some difficulties for our clients who print reports to not only see all the data without it being cut off but seeing all the data on multiple pages instead of having to expand widgets, etc. 
It's a real time saver for us and we can focus on analysis rather than reporting.
The pre-made widgets give us more than enough choices when putting together a report for our client.
Sometimes it's hard to stretch widgets, and it would be nice if when stretching them, if there is data below that wideget it would automatically be pushed down.
A very good tool for reporting my Google Analytics and social media platform metrics to clients. I made a switch from GDS and Sheets for reporting to Whatagraph, and I am saving literal hours each week on performance report creation. Our small firm actually managed to onboard 2 new clients as a result of all the time we saved on managing data and reporting. The customer service is also really helpful and easy to reach, however, I am located in Europe so I did notice that some reviewers weren't too happy with customer service hours but they were located in NA.
I like how incredibly easy it is to set up this platform for reporting. Integrating digital marketing tools is quick and you can start reporting in just a few minutes after setting up an account. I noticed they also recently launched a new feature called Smart Builder, which basically builds the entire report for you, based on the desired platforms and reporting specifications. Amazing stuff really.
Some graphs are interactive and allow you to select the line graphs you wish to display at the same time, however, I only discovered this by accident. This feature should've been communicated more clearly.
Overall, Whatagraph helps me to build reports in less time with less of a  headache. 
I like Whatagraph because it's easy to use. It literally takes seconds to connect different sources like Facebook Ads, GA, Google ads, and so on. It offers a huge template library that makes it easy to build a report on the go - e.g. before a client call. Great customer support. 


It sometimes takes a bit long to load. 
Some features/widgets are limited.

