I love how you can organize your notes in various spaces and notebooks. Search function is awesome. The integration with Google drive products is a huge plus too!
Sometimes when you create a new note it's placed in an unintended location. 
Today, it is the most used today, which helps in the integration work in the company.
its free version is on all supported platforms, Android, PC, iPad, Iphone
Honestly, I do not see any Cons. Internet speed is important but it does not depend on the application.
The ability to have it on all devices.  The work is automatically saved and easy to access from computer, tablet or phone.  You can use pictures, attach files and even use the voice feature.
I would like to see Evernote collaborate with other programs such as LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter where content can easily be published on social media. 
gets the job done, reliable, works well across multiple devices
Biggest issue is that i haven't taken the time to investigate how i could be using this software more!
Evernote effectively helps me in organising my work and my thoughts, and I really like it. It is also nice that all the data is automatically saved & updated on cloud so I don't have to worry about losing my important work.
I like how it is easy to use from the beginning. Everything was clear and intuitive, I didn't have to spend time learning how to use the tool. As I am writing my Thesis, it helps me a lot with organising my writing chapter by chapter. Plus, I can keep my referenced papers on Evernote so I can access both the papers and my work in progress in the same place across multiple devices.
The least favourite thing about Evernote is that I cannot manually arrange the order of my notes within a notebook. The notes are ordered by title (alphabetically), date, sources etc. As I created each note for each chapter within a note book, I wish to be able to manually arrange which note is before or after.
Especially useful for internal and external event management events and marketing campaigns.
Integration, ease of use, functionalities.
I have had no bad or negative comments so far.
 J'utilise Evernote depuis quelques années maintenant, et il a vraiment simplifié mon processus. Il vous aide à attribuer les responsabilités et à connaître l'état d'avancement de chacun d'eux. Vous pouvez vous tenir au courant de tous les détails de tous les dossiers en temps réel depuis votre téléphone intelligent. 
Evernote  un outil de productivité extrêmement utile, et j'adore le fait que je n'ai pas toujours besoin d'être en ligne pour mettre à jour ou créer des notes. Mon utilisation principal est la notation d' idées de nouveaux articles ou de nouvelles publications au fur et à mesure.

C'est une application  riche en fonctionnalités. Je note aussi une très net  évolution , passant d'une simple application de carnet de notes personnel à un logiciel de niveau entreprise pour une utilisation au bureau/en équipe/en projet. Il est très facile de numériser  des documents (par exemple, des contrats, des propositions, etc.)et  de partager des notes ou des carnets de notes et de modifier les mêmes éléments en collaboration.

Il  nécessite des frais de données afin de synchroniser les appareils. Malgré tout cela reste un très bon logiciel. La version gratuite ne vous permet pas de sauvegarder des fichiers word, excel, entre autres, ce qui est un grand désavantage
really cool design and fresh UI (especially after the most recent update). for some reason this app is supported on So So many devices...i have fun using the shop list on my smartwatch, very handy
its strange you can't edit any of the created docs or files that you have unless you in front of desktop version. its sad how convenient to create on mobile but not able to edit.. oh well
