Giving kudos to colleagues, earning points, and being able to recognize one another. 
The only con would be that I wish the points you could give away didn't start over each month.
Well you can get a prize when you have enough Points.
I think the points should be worth more than they are currently.
I like that you can show appreciation to the people you work with. Its more than just a pat on the back, Its perfect for company morale and making working on a team that much more fun. 
You only get 50 points a month so you cant really show a lot of appreciation to a lot of your co workers
Working in a company where we all work as one big team this software is great, easy to use, fun, and its nice having somewhere to let people know that you appreciate all that they help with. Its easy to give someone a shout out even when you get busy. 
At first it was interesting to see the layout and how to give point and the " shout outs" but once you start typing you see how it all flows together. 
Very good, again it's any easy platform to use and adds value and appreciation to co-workers and employees.
I like the idea of Nectar and being able to recognize my co-workers for their hard work and accomplishments. The platform is very easy to use and does not require a lot of time to get familiar with the set up.
I would like to be able to sort or select groups or specific people to follow or a search tool that allows me to see what someone is rewarding a specific person for without having to scroll through the historical post's.
I enjoy seeing people express their appreciation to each other. :)
I love that you can recognize and show appreciation to our co-workers. I like that we can use our points for cool merchandise.
I haven't found anything that I do not like yet. :)
I love this program and the ability to do shout outs for a job well done. Each hashtag is custom to our culture which I really enjoy. Plus who doesn't want to be able to redeem for swag?
I love that it is super easy to use and to recognize each member of the company regardless of where they are at. Its super helpful to customize and assign more or less points and make it personalized with the comments and hash tags. I love this software. 
I honestly can't find any pain points that I would say need improvement. 
Wonderful service in setting it up, using the tool, and follow up from the Nectar team to make sure we are satisfied!
It’s so simple to give kudos for our company values and I love that we find ways to look for things to compliment our team on. 
At this point, I can’t think of anything 
While I was not part of setting up the software for my organization, it has been very easy to use, and has been great to acknowledge teammates who work in other offices and states.   
I think it took a few times to figure out how to incroprate all the features (ie like hashtags) but otherwise than that it has been fairly easy to figure out. 
It's been an easy program to use.  I have no complaints.
It was very easy to log in and use the program.
I didn't really find anything that I didn't really like.
Immediate uptick in communication amongst employees; Nectar makes recognition very quick and easy, and that has improved morale and cross-departmental effectiveness;  Also like how recognition can be easily linked to company's values via hashtags. 
I was not part of the implementation or integration teams, so I cannot speak to those aspects of the product.  From a user perspective, no "cons" come to mind, however I  have only been using Nectar for a few weeks.
I love it.  I am able to give points to people from my Department or other Departments that have done something great and it does not cost me a penny! 
It took me some time to figure out how to use the program but once I learned, it is extremely easy.
That it took me some time to figure out what to do at the beginning.
Nectar has been fun! I like seeing how fellow team members are supporting one another. :)
It is so nice to formally acknowledge your co-workers/peers, in the moment, when they support you, impress you, or go above and beyond for our clients. Nectar makes it so quick, simple and meaningful.
We are lucky to have a team member that sent out communication on how to enroll. Without that, I think it could have been a bit bumpier. Account activation always seems to be a struggle.
Simple and ease to use.
It's very easy to go in and give recognition to coworkers that go above and beyond.
It took a minute or two to figure out what icons to click on.  But it really wasn't a big deal to figure out. 
I love being able to see employees recognizing their peers
It can be difficult to find specific shoutouts
Very easy to use and it helps breed teamwork and hard work.
I have not found anything yet I don't like.
My company recently implemented this software. It's really easy to use and everyone in our organization has seemed to pick it up easily and is using it regularly. 
This is a fun way for our company to acknowledge the work that everyone is doing. It is really easy to use and fun to scroll through. 
There isn't anything I would change, it's really easy to use. 
Haven't been using that long but since our company has had it it's been a great tool.  Very motivational for all of the employees!!
It's super user friendly and easy to move around in. 
I have no cons at this time. We haven't been on it for very long. 
Nectar helps us build an amazing culture here at XANT, specially knowing that we can publicly recognize our peers for their great jobs!
I would like to have a better mobile option for ios.
Overall I really do enjoy using Nectar. It makes everyone in the company a lot closer.
It's nice to be able to reward your coworkers with recognition and be able to reward the entire team when you have enough points. It also feels very nice to receive unexpected recognition from your peers.
A little hard to navigate. When I get recognized by my peers, there's no "notifications" button that I've found that can take me to their post where I'm mentioned. I could just be missing it but it's not in any obvious places on the homepage that I've seen.
