So much more time freed up for other tasks that I have to accomplish. Its functionality is Astounding. 
Finale is the easiest to use software that I have worked with on my job. Its functionality is so Open and endless. You can literally accomplish anything with this software. The best part it that it is EASY to use. You can Undo any mistake you make. It is Literally the best software out there.
Honestly, I can not thing of one thing I do not like about Finale.  Its a Purchasing Managers dream come true! I have so much more time for other tasks thanks to this Stellar program.
Stress free , a leader in customer support. 
Product Support and customizations made for us
I have not found any Cons at this point. Processes are extremely fast and simple to use  NO CONS found at this point
Outstanding.  Customer service is the best I have ever experienced.  If you have a question, they have an answer.  They have produced a number of ad hoc reports for me to better track my business; usually in the same day in which they were requested.  You  just dont get that kind of service and understanding from most software providers.
It provides all the features I need to control my inventory and sales channels but is simple and intuitive.  I can run sales, inventory and revenue reports to help reconcile against the reports from my major ecommerce platforms to ensure I am being paid appropriately and all sales are tracked.
That we didnt implement all the features sooner.  I am new to the company and am trying to fix all the mistakes made over the years with product listings, product lookups and the push/pull capabilities with ShipStation.
After months of testing and trialing every inventory management software and system on the market, Finale has been such a blessing! From the very first day of signing up, the Finale owner and team have been extremely helpful and responsive to any and every one of our questions or concerns. 

The interface, layout and organization of the Finale app is extremely user-friendly and does not distract the user with unnecessary formats, colors, layouts and displays. We love the minimalist approach.  Everything you need and nothing you don't.  The search feature is so optimal and incomparably easy to use within every view option.  Your search results are instant and appear immediately as you start typing. 

Finale has the best import tool we have ever seen.  You simply copy cells from excel and paste them into the web browser.  Finale takes care of the rest.  This truly intuitive copy/paste import feature makes saving, importing and editing your catalog via excel spreadsheets a thing of the past. 

Generating purchase and sales orders were a real pain-point with previous trial services. PO generating in Finale is intuitive and automatic enough so that anyone on our team could go in and place orders with the suppliers stored in the system.  You can also create custom fields, which we use for internal communication to streamline our operations.

If you use Ship Station (in our opinion the best shipping management software), this is where Finale’s strength is.  It flawlessly sync’s with Ship Station ensuring that you only ship products that are in stock and order out-of-stock items.  Finale gives you the things you want in an inventory management software without all the fluff.  We tried other solutions that tried to be an all-in-one solution, but they all end up being mediocre services.  Finale does one thing really well and that’s inventory management.  

Regular updates of the software leave our team comfortable knowing that as a system, Finale is always pushing for optimal streamlined cutting edge performance and integrations.

We are elated to be using Finale and already have accounts for both of our companies. 

Cloud based, unlimited users, copy and paste import and edit features, easy stock take, integration with ShipStation with regular attention and upgrades. Strongest search feature we’ve seen.  Slick interface and automatic purchase order generation.
We have grown in such a way we where experiencing inventory challenges with the complexities of our company. The Finale system and staff has helped us get on the right track. Thanks Team!!!
very easy
great support
always improving
Great ingratiation with third party programs
graphical interface could be more appealing
does not integrate with other not so popular programs
Set up could be overwhelming at first but very easy after.
Overall I have to say one of the most impressive experiences with Finale is its people. It's a small group of people who work personally to help you get set up and learn the system.  They know their stuff, are professional and friendly. It really is like they are a part of your own team.  Their customer service is fantastic, they respond quickly and can get you moving in the right direction right away. You get the feeling that they want to help you be successful. 
The software is impressive because it works. Our previous inventory management software would have "glitches" sometimes it didn't sync our five sales channels so we were constantly experiencing inventory issues.  That stopped with Finale and our numbers have been spot on since.  One thing that makes Finale a winning choice for us is that it integrates with Square which we use for POS in our brick and mortar store. Finale keeps our store, website and internet marketplaces inventory synced in near real time.  
I have to force myself to come up with things I don't like about Finale.  But if I could have a wish list, I would like it to automatically sync new products every few minutes like it does with inventory rather than nightly. Although, you can manually initiate the sync.  A little more automation with sales channel associations and expected product cost would be nice too.


Chinh and the gang have been really great. They really take care of us as the customer and do whatever it takes after hours even to solve problems and answer questions. We very much appreciate the relationship that we have with Finale Inventory. 
Great software, well thought out layout, and the support is quick and on the ball (which is a HUGE asset). The system specific reporting module is also very easy to navigate and super helpful for businesses that don't staff an internal report writer.
The amount of customization available out of the box with Finale Inventory makes it an ideal tool, especially for small businesses with unusual inventory management practices.
I would love to see a bit less reliance on ShipStation as a partner system for some basic order management tasks.
Syncs inventory across all selling channels to prevent overselling and underselling.  Handles kits/bundles with no problem.
I've evaluated a few other solutions and for the money, Finale is great.  There is a learning curve and it certainly helps if you're good with excel.  But once you get things set up it's phenomenal.  No more worrying about overselling - it syncs up with all our venues almost in real time.  Also - and this can't be stressed enough - no more UNDERselling.  We used to leave stock aside as a buffer to prevent overselling.  Now we're confident keeping all that we have listed as stock changes (for breakage/miscount/etc) take seconds and are uploaded to all venues within minutes.  I wish I'd have found this years ago!
The documentation can be a little confusing/incomplete in places but customer service is very responsive.  Also, getting it to integrate with OpenCart was a bit of a chore but OpenCart almost always requires a little finagling to get things to work so I'm used to it.   The only other thing that I'd like to see is a mobile app for quick inventory changes when we're away from a desktop/laptop.  I tried bringing the desktop site up on my android phone and it doesn't work very well.
 I have used Finale for 3 years and found Finale to be of great ease to  use and the many features and functions were invaluable and the ease of integration - (we linked to Volusion) was simple. For me the most oustanding part of working with Finale has been the amazing customer support and not just technical. I was impressed that when an error was made, there was no hesitation at all to fix it. A very honorable company and that is hard to find these days! You will find reviews on the software but I want this one to speak more of the people..this is a fine company that I would recommend to anyone!
Finale Inventory is one of the biggest inprovments we have made to our business in the 91 years of operation, staff are able to make sales orders , or check stock levels , live and from any device, anywhere in the world . 
Implementing Finale Inventory with our organization has been a game changer! The platform is easy to use & navigate. Integrating other company software platforms is a breeze!  The Finale team is always working on ways to improve and update the system to give their users the best possible experience, and upgrading futures to aid management in all aspects of any organizations inventory needs, including analytics! The Finale customer support team is always quick to response and willing to help out in a timely and professional manner. 
Integrating across multiple platforms is a breeze! Finale is easy to use & navigate! As our business grows Finale has the capabilities to grow with us our needs grow and at our own pace. 
I Wish it had sort of customizable KPI dashboard built into the newly added analytics tab. 
Was pretty easy to use, although cumbersome with all the screens you have to use to add on product, cannot add inventory from the item page, so quite a few unnecessary clicks there.  Also goes into negative inventory which for us means when there is an error we have to manually reset items to zero, would be nice if there was an option to just have inventory go to 0.  Also be nice if it has a seasonality feature for ordering, like we need more of this widget for winter etc.
It stalls out constantly, no matter the browser no matter the computer, especially on weekends basically unusable, and by the time email support gets back to you it is better again, but they never admit an issue or offer a fix or apology.
Honestly, we have seen a 100% or more efficiency increase in daily operations since taking on Finale.  
Every aspect of our eCommerce business was improved by the implementation of this software.  I would recommend it to anyone needing a solution for warehouse management, regardless of their stance in the eCommerce world.  The pure inventory capabilities of this software are exemplary.
We have been able to improve our receiving, order accounting, inventory maintenance, returns, shipments; literally EVERY aspect of our business was improved by the acquisition of this software.
Many eCommerce businesses face challenges from many different aspects of the sales/inventory flow; here at Bapmic Auto Parts Inc., we were no exception.  As a large company with channels in eBay, Amazon, WalMart, and local sales, we desperately needed a ROBUST and COHERENT warehouse/sales management system.
After deciding that a cloud based software was the way to go, I proceeded to test a multitude of TOP ERP/Warehouse Management software(s).  These ranged from Odoo, SKUVault, ERPNext, and the like, to more advanced solutions like SAS, Sage, Microsoft Dynamics, and so on.  I was surprised in my research to find very few comprehensive solutions that would supply us with all the tools needed to unify our operations.
Then, I stumbled upon Finale...needless to say, I was extremely, and pleasantly surprised.  Finale's ability to leverage ShipStation for inventory and order recording is second to none.  The ease of setup, operation, and customization is a refreshing change in the world of open source, cumbersome solutions, versus overpriced, over-complicated systems.
Custom Integrations?  Endless.  Multiple warehouses?  No problem.  Multiple BINS?  Done.  Suppliers, purchasing, re-ordering?  Done, done, and done.  Sales, customers, advanced reporting, accounting charts, and inventory history?  Yep, it's covered.  Receiving?  Of course, even with Expiration Dates or LOT ID's.  Can it barcode??  Yes sir.  Support?  Top Notch.
Take the Free Trail, you will NOT be disappointed.  
Clean and neat inventory tracking and Sales Order creation.  (Industry is not represented below and is multi-disciplinary).
We have keyed in 30 Field Reps' shipping information into  the Finale system, along with 25 descriptive SKUs and inventory counts.   It's simple to create Sales Orders for them and Sales History is automatically generated for easy review and analysis.  We wand all inventory used each day and have a current count at all times.
We had some issues with the Windows Explorer platform but those went away with moving over to Google Chrome.
Since its inception into our business, Finale was incredibly easy to use, simple and straightforward.  With an excellent support team and support documentation, we were set up in less than a single day.  After that we barely had to get in touch with support, as the self administering factor of Finale is what makes it so great.
Finale is incredibly easy to use and provided our company the ability to scale up by using additional features of the product over time.  Our inventory is always spot-on as the integrations with various merchants and other software is excellent.
The only issue we hold with Finale is their lack of support for iOS and iOS browsers.  One could easily integrate the standard browser interface into Finale with some changes and allow those who have an iOS or Mac-based environment be able to use their existing hardware with off-the-shelf scanners.
The software works exactly how it was intended to!  Working with Finale leadership to setup our customization was a breeze! Great product and a great team!
I have nothing negative to share about this product!  Love Finale!
Helped me organize my office 
Good customer service, seems to work for all types of business, ease of use.  My needs have been met.   I feel I have just scratched the service with how I am using this software and already has been a big help. 
I have not experienced any issues with this company thus far.   It has met my needs and I don't see that changing.  
Overall very pleased with the product and the service from Finale support staff.  Within hours of an email requesting a 'tweak' to Inventory it happens.
Finale does exactly what I need it to do - keep track of  90,000+ boxes of fireworks!!  We serve approx 200 customers and Finale tracks everything from order receipt to order shipping and invoicing.   Ease of use makes it a very useful tool for all of our staff.
None.  Don't have any reservations in recommending Inventory if you need the facility to properly organise your supplier orders, customer orders & stock holding.
