This product is a bit more than just a live chat. It really solves a lot of problems and is very suitable for medium-sized companies.
I recommend to everyone.
Totally happy with Helpcrunch. Saved me lots of money on customer service software
Very inexpensive compared to Intercom, the product quality is great, it's simple and clean. Also, I love the amount of customization options it provides.
Customer support is pretty quick to address our questions and issues, they really listen to our feedback and open to suggestions.
 Would be great to see Knowledge base among Helpcrunch features, they assured me it's coming in the first half '19

Support wasn’t great for a support software company. Very Slow software, they need to invest in a CDN of something. 
Price is the best feature of this software. Overall the software has promise but isn’t quite ready for prime time. They are trying to
Copy intercom so if you would like someone similar to intercom this software could suit. 
Support was ok to poor and they are over charging for importing data into the system (quoted me $300+).  Their iOS app isn’t the best, does not refresh correctly and isn’t that user friendly compared to intercom. 

The part that annoyed me was the speed of the system in Sydney Australia.  6 secs to load images on their site (confirmed with speed test sites too). Just too slow and support the fact they are not quite ready for prime time. Maybe another year they will be 
Hasta el momento la verdad es que muy buena, los estamos empezando a ver como parte de nuestro equipo. Consideran nuestras sugerencias para nuevos updates del software.
Es muy fácil de gestionar la comunicación con los usuarios integrándose bien con campañas automatizadas de email marketing. Tiene un bonito diseño, muy agradable.
Desde nuestra plataforma de dropshipping esperamos que tengan asap la app en Zapier así como sincronización para comunicarnos con nuestros usuarios en Facebook e Instagram.
Excellent support and always a quick and pain-free solution.
Livechat and helpcenter is awesome and the support team is awesome
Price and if you try to less the price even for a startup companys that would be very nice 
It's much easier for our users to contact us via live chat, and for us, it's great to see all the history of communication
Helpcrunch allows us to engage with our users both via chat and email. All the history of communication is gathered in one place, so it's easy to see all the info.
It would be great to see some kind of a knowledge base to let me quickly deal with all the features. Anyway, support team is always ready to help me.
they one of the best chat what i ever see
All good
+ best chat
+ good price
+ one of the BEST support in my life
+ realy fast work
+ nice design
+ realy good work on IOS / Android fast and clean!
Thanks!
- To hide logo company need expensive price and on pop-up this logo so big =(
- can't give access rights like administrator to agent to only one project and hide other for this agent
- no referral system
From my experience with HelpCrunch I can say that it has been great. It has all the features we've been looking for and most importantly the support team is GREAT. Absolutely great. Always there when you need them and always with a solution for you.
We've been looking for a software like HelpCrunch for a long time. What i can say from my short experience with the platform is that is absolutely great for all types of businesses, searching for a way to optimize the process of catching new leads.  Great features, intuitive UI and last but not least - a totally good deal, especially for smaller teams.
Maybe the only thing that come to my mind is the price. It is a great deal for smaller teams, but maybe for bigger ones, it will come little pricy. Hm.. actually maybe some more customizations wouldn't be a bad idea too. For example different themes for knowledge base :)
Very helpful automation tool. Very easy to use. Excellent customer support. Regular feature releases. 10/10, would recommend
That it makes me wish other pieces of software were as good
Overall, we have been very happy with HelpCrunch as both a customer support, user onboarding and marketing outreach and engagement platform.
- Ease of use and setup - can get started in just a few minutes
- Great feature set for both customer support and marketing outreach
- Very competitive pricing, especially against tools like Intercom
- The back-end/admin software interface can be improved and make a little bit faster
As a team lead, I can definitely recommend this service to other teams.
We mainly use HelpCrunch as online chat for technical support. 
Also, it provides the ratings and unlimited chat records just after conversation. What I particularly like about the software as it is posible to see the effectiveness of every team member and eliminate some typical issues like informal conversation style etc.. 
I'd appreciate a richer vizualization in the performance reports
HelpCrunch makes it easier for our customers to talk to us and get an instantaneous response.
Works on web browsers and Android. I like that we get chat alerts for all incoming chats on the HelpCrunch chat dashboard, the canned responses has enabled everyone at the help desk department communicate faster with customers by allowing us presave responses to the most popular questions by our customers
Apps on Android are not really good. I hope the application will be better improved.
HelpCrunch allows you to integrate support chats in a few minutes to your website and mobile app. And you can customize it as you want.
I really like HelpCrunch! I spent less than 10 minutes to integrate and customize it. It's so customizable and looks really nice on our website. Also, there is a mobile app and we can always be online for our customers. Thanks!
I like everything! HelpCrunch has all features that we need and it works perfectly. I am really glad that we chose HelpCrunch.
Great functionality (follow-up emails, multiple agents, chat status etc). Very competitive pricing compared to other solutions on the market which makes Helpcrunch a nobrainer.
A way to pre-populate a proactive message with a visitors name (for example Order Successful, where we have the customers name).
Very easy to set up with very nice support, using the same agent chat I use on my own website
IOS version lacks a few features, as I understand should be fixed in the next IOS update.
An effective customer messaging solution, especially for SaaS products.
We've used HelpCrunch for SaaS company and it worked perfectly for our needs.
HelpCrunch has lived up to our expectations. It was easy to install and easy to use.
Quick to launch and easy to use. Great scalability, so our messaging solution could grow with our company over time.
HelpCrunch turned out to be a great option amongst others for our startup as it offered most of the features we wanted from a communication software at a very attractive price.
Their support is just superb with any minor issues cleared in no time.
I use HelpCrunch to provide support to our customers and upsell when possible. It's a great tool that does the job well.

Nicely looking live chat, easy to set up, works great
No cons so far, would be great to have articles functionality built in though
Definitely recommend to anyone in need for a professional support tool.
HelpCrunch proves to be one of the best support/live chat/knowledge base platforms out there.  The fact that I no longer need separate knowledge base and live chat management apps is a game-changer.
Hoping for some more integrations but overall I hardly found anything to complain about.
Amazingly fast and good support team & the overall live chat design. Great functionality like automated responses and the great customisable features. and a fantastic pricing compared to alternatives like Intercom, so no more Intercom for me!
I like everything about the HelpCrunch Livechat/Support product.  I didn't find a thing that i don't like. 
