It has been superbly helpful over the last year with the global pandemic.  We've been able to quickly and easily support users, even those who are, lets say, "a little less than tech savvy".  
The fact that end users experiencing difficulties can operate this software via the simple click of a few buttons.  No need to pre-install clients on all staff machines, or walk staff through a complex setup procedure.  Simply send an email link to your staff member in distress, and a few moments later they are in the session with you.
Haven't found any flaws yet.  Will report any I can find in due course.
I just started using the product but from what I can see so far its a very easy to use software.
I need more information on the security features 
Zoho Assist is one of those toolbelt pieces of software that you just need to have available all the time.  It's very cheap and easy to use. Purchasing additional seats, or unattended licenses, is quick and all web-based. You can be up and running in a support session in a matter of moments.
We started using Zoho assist about 2 years ago as a way for us to occasionally support staff while they were away from the office. Then Covid happened and in March the entire staff went full work from home. We are now doing multiple remote assists a day without any issues.  Zoho has made it incredibly easy to help staff when they are at their device, with just a simple link, or we can set up unattended access and work on the problem when they are away. Even the least tech-savvy staffer can quickly set up a remote session. We can even reboot their PCs while still staying in the session. 
I haven't found anything to dislike about this software, even after using it for 2 years. It "just works".
Fantástica
Facilidade de uso e a dinamica de deploy é perfeita.
Não teve nada que não tenha gostado até agora.
unattended feature is great, i can sign in easy to my clients pc and provide faster support
customer service and prices should be more clearly on prices and packages
Its been very useful with 2 IT team members covering 270 staff across 4 sites and remote working. Saves tickets getting piled up and also reduces site visits.
Easy to setup and use from an admin/tech point of view. More importantly its very simple for staff to get a connection and immediate support. we use this in conjunction with MS Teams so can video call which Zoho Assist also uses.
Haven't used it long enough to find anything we don't particularly like.
Remote support is great it's easy to walk customers through connecting.After restartIt reconnects to the remote computer automatically.
I would like to see the five Unattended Support licenses that come with The remote Support Pro Edition have more functionality as far as power options are concerned.
Affordable pricing. Small and medium businesses can easily afford the price.
Easy to setup and Use.
Automatic payment reminders.
Does not integrate with a lot of third party tools
Zoho customer support is not that great and needs a lot of improvement.
Happy with it.
The entire remote access experience was smooth with almost no lag. Required elevated permissions using UAC for support tasks and that was easy once you Run as a Service.
None as of now. It was easy for me to initiate a session and even for the end-user to join and accept.
Very positive experience thus far.  I find it functional, affordable, reliable and the interface is nice on both sides.  Deepak was very accommodating and through the trial and the procurement process.  I appreciate that.
A big positive for me was it's web based, single pane of glass ease of use.  I don't have a lot of time to invest in learning a new product, although I need what that product can do.  With Zoho assist, I got what I needed and didn't have to spend a large amount of time to just be able to start using it.
Support could be improved.  It doesn't seem readily accessible to me (chat window within the application would be nice).   There are some customization that I'd like to be able to configure and dive into more granular features, but there doesn't seem to be a lot of good instruction or guides out there on how to do that.
I use this product to run my practice more efficiently.  Able to use different emails and forward to main email for easier access. 
Once you get set up you never have to worry about messing with it and once set up it a pretty easy program to use.
Must try Zoho Assist, as it is a game changer in the remote desktop / support industry.
the ability to help reboot,simple to implement and easy to use, in general it presents a stable interface.
biggest issue that I have come across is the time it takes to initiate Unattended Access
Makes it a breeze to manage my clients desktop applications, for clients who are still afraid of cloud applications.
Nothing yet,Nothing yet,Nothing yet,Nothing yet,
I needed an alternative to remote access from connecttopc and this fits the bill nicely.
Easy to deploy, easy to use, and easy to administer remote computers.
Nothing so far.. it's been great, and no complaints
Reasonable Customer support.
All required functionality bundled together in a single package. 
Can be customized.
It allows you to take control of a distant computer and then make adjustments on your client SW, do a demo or an interactive training, for free.
The chat support in this program is very important. This allows me not only to have access to the client's computer, but also to explain my actions.
Not recommendable for advanced support needs for PCs
Does not provide recording. 
Some customers do not trust downloading software on their pcs. It would be cool if the customer could get assistance without an additional file to be downloaded.
I am able to remote in machines at our remote offices miles away and able to resolve issues within a couple hours. 
I like the ease of us and how easy it is to deploy to one or multiple machines in the environment. The app is very close to the same one as the computer. I was able to setup unattended access for some machines that I was accessing via remote and it was so simple. The cost was a huge factor as well because it was 50% less than the other product I was currently using. 
Nothing. I wouldn't change anything with this product. 
unattended feature is great, i can sign in easy to my clients pc and provide faster support
customer service and prices should be more clearly on prices and packages
We can easily sell the product to customers who like to purchase license products. 
In zoho assist screen sharing is good and mainly web based user login is very essential since can login from anywhere in the world. 
Easily access of remote desktop and copy paste features.
It  should have some more privacy. IT should auto delete option unattended pc after some time.
