It seems like that compared to other programs that complete similar tasks, this program was easier to use than the others.
I feel like sometimes for people that are not as technically saavy as other people, they may have a hard time understanding.
Its efficient, useful,easy to use, simple, and does its job perfectly.And has minor problems.
Its efficient, useful,easy to use, simple, and does its job perfectly.And has minor problems.
Its efficient, useful,easy to use, simple, and does its job perfectly.And has minor problems.
too compicated for my needs but thanks a lot .
too compicated for my needs but thanks a lot .
too compicated for my needs but thanks a lot .
Our company uses this to allow remote access to our computers for IT support. It is extremely helpful to have this when everyone is working remotely. 
This software performs as intended. There are no cons that i'm aware of.
The ability to gain remote access and control of the screen is very helpful and key when working through support issues.
Sometimes there can be a slight lag, but nothing that is a show-stopper.
Bomgar is great for my business because we can get remote assistance for our locally installed programs without wasting worktime on hold or waiting for a technician to physically come to our office, the way things used to be done. 
I love being able to contact support through chat instead of waiting on hold on the phone. Remote support, having a tech work directly on your system, is very helpful. 
To be honest, I can’t think of anything I don’t like about the software. The only thing I have not totally researched is the security of the connection made between my system and the other end. 
It is great and supportive. It assisted me in fixing numerous gadgets with its brilliant remote access.
Cons from what I heard it was exceptionally expensive and a portion of the educators revealed security breaks which could of screwed up all of all data we had in this product. That was somewhat alarming.
Overall my experience with Beyond Trust has been excellent. Our IT team use it exclusively and no one has ever reported a single issue. Switching control from user to organizer is done with a click of a button. Best of all, as soon as the necessary work is completed, the session can be ended so that work can resume. 
As a remote employee, I am not in the corporate office. Thus, when I need advanced technical support, this support must be done remotely. Thankfully there's Beyond Trust. This solution, which enables our IT team to connect directly with remote employees, has been a lifesaver on multiple occasions. It is simple to begin a remote session, and once begun, the organizer can easily gain control of my laptop as if he was right next to me (even though we work on opposite coasts). There is also a chat box, so if I ever need to regain control to perform a task, control can be easily passed back to me.
It is difficult to think of a single component not to like. It is a wonderful solution and has no cons that I can think of. Even when you need to restart (such as when you are adding or upgrading software via a remote session), the solution manages to retain its connection, so that as soon as your machine restarts, your remote session instantly resumes. It's almost too easy. 
you can customize this software to your business needs and/or likings..  
It so hard to figure out.. I just gave up!
It so easy and fantastic and very good
Switching  to it form one another software package is one of the most liberating experience of my career 
It never made me a cup of tea ,i know that sound like wield but pretty much
Honestly if I confess,this is a really good application and it helps me a lot in my works.
I really like this application, that is my honest opinion. I got a lot of help from this app and I am very appreciate that this app has in today's society.
I like this app but there has a few problems with this software but just a few.If it is fixed,it will be so nice.
Increased Response Time. Remote technical support can be provided as soon as someone answers your phone call.
Isolation. It's easy for employees to feel like they're part of a company's bigger picture when they're in the office and brainstorming with coworkers every day
Runs quickly on any computer.
Provides helpful status reminders.
Allows the admin to send/receive files.
It could use more features, such as screen capturing, audio capturing, video conference, etc.
Besides, its status reminders (which cannot be turned off by the customer) can get a bit annoying because it keeps popping up.
BeyondTrust connects support reps with remote desktops, servers, laptops and network devices wherever they are. Support reps can see the screen, control the mouse and work as if physically in front of the remote desktop, speeding time to resolution.
Secure Access. ...
Fortified Password Management. ...
Multi-System Support. ...
Dependable Connectivity. ...
System Integration.
make console web based on cell phone vs using android or apple application ,  Change the way a user in more than one group is handled when applying them to a jump group. , Drag and drop or copy/pasting a file transfer vs using a separate tab function. I can copy/paste in RDP.

-Mobile Apps needs improvement
-More Automation
- Having more Chat options/features
- Resource files are huge and take up a lot of space
I had a great experience with this app especially
And proven good software for business. It has multi functionalities like secure remote support, customer support, and help desk administration also.

Cons from what I heard it was very pricey and some of the teachers reported security breaches which could of messed up all of all information we had in this software. That was a little scary.
It's been very helpful and there are other features of being able to transfer files and use the files from our desktop. It's provided a medium to work smoothly without hampering the limitations of not being able to access since we are situated in a different country. 
Helps in Delegating work over different places without the hazel of communication of software issues by providing a medium to connect and work together be it employees placed far away  situated in different countries.  
At times get's stuck or closes automatically due to some network issue or some other issue but does close automatically while we are working on something. 
it is very easy to use and is also a very safe and recommendable software to use 
is fast,safe,easy,and a very protective software and I personally think it is a good software
It is the best security software which I would recommend to all who want to provide remote security services.
Makes it really convenient to administrate through screen-share and remote control. It is highly secure as the access in given in with the login credentials  of the customer and there is high resolution video recordings of the sessions. It is compatible with other authentication and user directory retrieval software. It is easy to use with all the features available in the tools section. Getting the control over a customer's software is quick and easy.
The pricing can be a little high for small businesses but it is totally worth. Initial setting up of the system is a little confusing,  also some administrating options are difficult to find.
overall not ready to trust in this day an age
well it needs more knowledge i think but that me
it has lots to fill in im lazy dont like it
Remote support is most widely used by IT helpdesk to resolve software related concerns remotely of users. Work efficieny and productivity of users get increased by using such tool.
Absolutely essential to be able to properly support clients, allows you to walk through and see things in real-time
None that I have notices so far the software does what we need it to
