From the Customer Success-led installation process through the deployment to our users, everything has gone perfectly. Since purchase, I've received several praises on the ease of use. Intercom is fantastic in your day-to-day employment, when you're merely responding to receiving chat. It becomes more difficult, but not unachievable, once you wish to go beyond that. Furthermore, their customer service is slow to respond, although you will certainly receive a response.
The simplicity of use and general depth of what you can generate with the software is quite astounding both from an admin and a user viewpoint. It enables a significant number of customer care to be automated, as well as simplifying its delivery through articles and an ever-growing knowledge base. Although it isn't the most important feature, as a user, I like that it is focused on providing you with a response or resolution as quickly as possible given the same entry method. If you type "adding users" in an application with Intercom support, you'll see articles that may help you solve all your problems, or a CSM will be dispatched to you to directly address your point if it's a bit more complicated.
There isn't much to begin with. I've seen it used incorrectly and with insufficient resources in other firms, resulting in a below-average experience. However, this isn't anything exclusive to Intercom. For bigger firms, it may come at a premium because they are the market leader.
its really good i like every feature of it its really good 
the resons why i always have to acess premium for best features 
Intercom is not simple live chat plugin! It is more than chat box, customer management software with wonderful extras. It is nice that they have mobile applications as well which is very useful while you are mobile. Integrations are really useful and new cooperations are making list connections very easy.
Intercom is perfect software but some of the prices are not reasonable for start-up companies like us. For example chat bot feature needs you to have premium packages and also some of integrations needs you to pay extra.
Overall we love Intercom and grateful we made this switch for our company!
This software was such a wonderful find! Helping our customers in a fast efficient way was made possible by Intercom! Our team loves that we can auto assign emails to make sure they make it to the correct team member to help our customers faster. We can organize our emails to see what issues we run into most often to get them taken care of quicker!
There are a few tiny things we would love to change with auto assigning emails and being able to use saved replies in our 'notes'. 
Engage with your customers very fast. You always have a fast support team and very personalizable. I also feel its very secure for our facility by helping us see everything beforehand. 
I love the Information show to the right of all our chats that we take. This allows us to really understand the person and where they are coming from before we respond. 
It can be complicated to find all the applications within the software. Really hard to use to it's full potential. 
Our overall experience has been very positive. It is, without doubt, a leading product in terms of customer communication. 
Intercom has been extremely efficient in terms of our communication with our end users' base as well as in generating new customer leads. 

We have also utilized it in offline communication, that is, set up consecutive email campaigns in order to reach out to any of our new customers in terms of training, utilization questions, etc. 

This has contributed to increased retention levels, as well as in better monitoring of our web leads and conversion rates. 
For our specific use case, Intercom did not fit our goals in terms of customer support. As such we opted to use dedicated tools, specifically Zendesk, for that purposes. Moreover, while reaching out to the Intercom support is very simple and elegant, their resolution time and process was not optimal in our case. 

I've been using Intercom for about a year now, the support features are enough for a small company, and the insights into the customers habits and uses of our app is really helpful when it comes to asking qualitative questions.
All solutions work together in one place. It's a great platform both for customer support and customer engagement (sales, lead management, marketing campaigns).
It is a very complete customer support system, in which all kinds of problems can be solved, thanks to its simple appearance, but with the necessary tools. The platform is great for helping sales, marketing, and support teams better communicate with customers.
The pricing changes all the time and getting higher and higher. 
You can send messages to customers via email and via platform at the same time
Support was slow
Navigation of platform not intuitive
Slow to register changes sometimes
For customer chat it is incredibly simple and easy to have conversations both via live chat on your company website or through email with the customer
There are some glitches with intercom that pop up from time to time in customer conversation going missing or simply not being followed up with for what seems to be like no fault of our own.
I've used Intercom extensively for a couple years now. The product does exactly what it promises - it makes it easy to get information about to communicate with your customers. It is a bit expensive, but it's worth it to us for the service it provides. highly recommended.
Pretty easy to use, responsive customer support, allows us to easily communicate with our customers
The UI is a bit slow sometimes
Intercom can cover almost all processes if you're selling SaaS solution. It has really good solution for help center and allows to easily find chats with your users. As well it's good in getting additional information like users LinkedIn profiles etc.
It's not really easy to setup Intercom messenger properly, the price is high enough since they are billing for each additional user. Intercom support is pretty useless, each time we asked them something they sent us a link that we already saw.
From a marketing standpoint, creating an email drip campaign with Intercom is really simple and intuitive. You're also able to slice and dice your data accordingly so that you're targeting just the people you want.
Sometimes the platform was a little difficult to figure out because it's so robust. Thankfully the Intercom team is super responsive and willing to help when you're in a pinch.
I'll be more than happy to elaborate you the missed feature. I'm sure it will help other users as well which are using the round robin feature.
Easy to use, nice help articles, really awesome support.
I'm missing some customisation options for the assignment rules for the round robin feature, but I'm sure they'll be added in the future.
It makes it incredibly easy for us to stay in touch with our customers, respond to their questions, and proactively message them about new features.
It's very easy to use, it's well designed and aesthetically pleasing, and with the updates they've made to reporting over the last few months, it's very easy to see real-time stats and get a sense of how busy our team is.
It's difficult to send manual messages to individual Users and use a Saved Reply, but that's very minimal. Other that that, it's fantastic and does everything we need. 
Intercom is a Jack of all trade and... actually does them all great :)
I mainly use Intercom in for of a chat that's built-in our site and it's one of the primary ways of how I communicate with leads and clients. After we were able to provide an instant support to clients on site, we've also added the chat window to the app which has seemingly improved their onboarding experience.
Overall, if you want the best for your clients, Intercom is the way to go.
It took time for us to deploy Intercom, but it was definitely worth it. Not surprisingly, but their support was very helpful, so don't be afraid to ask them for help.
Pretty easy to use, responsive customer support. It is highly customizable and easy to get the hang of. I like to have all the information of my clients on the same site. Working with such an extensive database is very useful for any business. Also it has lots of tutorials, templates and suggestions on how to use the platform. Great customer service.
The UI is a bit slow sometimes, but in addition Intercom is awesome for mass communications to your workforce. Really a good chat solution, try it.
Great software
Intercom is the best software I have ever used to monitor chats. I also thoroughly enjoy the mobile app, which is not something I can usually say about softwares.
I have a hard time thinking about cons for this software. Occasionally the notifications are a little slow but that is the only thing I would change.
We used the chat system for our support team and Intercom made is super easy to get going. The chats were like personalized messages and we could set up introductory or absence messages for a duration set up. Automation is great.
No reporting at all. They have reports within the system which is not editable and if you want to download and run your own reports, it is not possible. Makes it difficult to audit.
