We homeschool through a charter school that switched to Procurify this year. I was worried about the learning curve, but needn't have been; there was barely a curve at all. So simple & intuitive, ordering curriculum & supplies took only minutes. No headaches, no hassles. A HUGE improvement over our previous ordering system!
If I have a nitpick at all, it's that the mobile and web user experiences are quite different from one another. Ideally, they would be more similar. But as I say, that's nitpicking an otherwise stellar system.
Overall, Procurify has been amazing for us. We had a very lengthy process for approval of purchases in the past. Spreadsheet based system that took days to get approval. We also got an email each month to go and retrieve our credit card receipts and get them to accounting. Procurify allows my engineering staff to see when their items have been approved, and when they have been purchased. It also alerts them when the parts are received. Accounting can look at the receiving paperwork and see the packing lists all in one area. The phone App helps tremendously when receiving goods. All in all we are happy with the decision to use Procurify in this critical time our company. 
Ease of use and implementation, Procurify allowed us to reduce the time spent on procurement, from the time we receive a quote to the paying the invoice. 
There are some features we would like to see. We often do not purchase items without a quote first, we often have several quotes. It would be great to have that implemented into the software.
Is easy for me to make my orders in the sistem, and sending to the vendors whit pos.and take a moment only to do my gob
simple
The implementation was smooth & the support continues to be great! It has made our procurement process so much easier. 
The ease of use, tracking & adding users
I'd like the travel expenses section to be easier to use. 
Fine 
Good flow and easy to use. Directions were easy to follow 
Difficult to find balance of each budget 
This helps the business in keeping track of all the expenses and purchases and also helps the business forecast next year's budget by looking back on purchases per month. Really helpful tool!
Very easy to use
All functionalities are pretty much understandable - i didn't have to undergo an intensive training before using it
I like the option that send me email for all the POs raised. Enables me to keep track of all my purchases
It's good to see pending for approval option, easier to know who to chase
All the options and functions are straightforward and very easy to navigate
Nothing really.  All the options and functions are straightforward and very easy to navigate
This software is very easy to use and navigate. I wish it would link to an inventory and/or accounting software. 
It has been great.  Their support systems are really great and they're very willing to help.
We were using a paper and pen method before we switched to Procurify. This software has saved us a ton of time and paperwork. It is easy to use and has great (and many) options for support. It is easy to set up approval methods and to control access to different modules. Love that you can leave comments in just about anything and tag your co-workers.
I wish that the bills were tied to the POs so that it would be easier to review incurred spend vs. outstanding PO value. At the moment you have to go into separate reports to find what you're looking for. I also wish that the ability to export data was not in the settings so that access could be provided to those who you don't want clicking around in approval settings (etc) but have permissions to see purchasing data.
Being a local, NJ-based, 501c3 organization, we were in need of an easy, streamline yet effective procurement. After quite a bit of searching, one tends to find tools which either are over-complicated or over-priced. Procurify and Procuritylite are both amazing platforms and perfect for our needs; easy to use, easy to implement, transparent and really help with the procurement process, particularly for a local grass-roots organization like our own. 

As the organization President, we particular appreciate the ability to easy manage expense items and the approval process. 

We are so impressed by the platform that we've recommended this to our parent organization. Well done.
However, the platform itself is only matched by a staff who are always accessible, friendly and resourceful. 

Very simply, Procurify filled a unique niche that I could not find others to fill. As our firm is currently experiencing hyper-growth, we're trying to build a solid foundation of good business practices on which to grow -- with procurement and purchase orders being an operational cornerstone of that. As a firm, we've taken a firm stance on lean technology infrastructure. Procurify was a clear choice for us given both the cloud/SAAS model, ease of setup and the fact that it provided a procurement workflow for us to test and build on. So far, it's worked amazingly.

Access to customer support team is amazing. Standardized workflows are easy and intuitive. Easy to edit and customize forms Open to feedback and feature suggestions e-Catalog function is super convenient.

There are parts of the system we don't use yet, and it's a little hard to work around those, but we're finding them more useful as we use it more and home in on the right process.
Very smooth implementation and extremely easy to use.  Moved us from chasing paper to completely online approval routing.  Keeps employees from choosing budget codes that aren't budgeted by only listing what is available. 
Ease of use
Approval routing
Budget checking
Mobile app
Loading of monthly budgets year 2 pretty cumbersome
It is functional and easy to navigate. I had no trouble adapting to it and learning its features.
We would like for it to integrate better with some of our software systems.
Procurify provided the best option for our organization. Great service and professionalism from the first demonstration through setup, training, support, changes and billing.
Paying for it. Wouldn't it be great if good things were free? The price structure at the approver level seems fair. We have many requestors and given the unique structure of our managers and supervisors, so that we can get our resources quickly and efficiently. This means that we need many people to have this function which adds to the per user software costs.
Overall, Procurify has been amazing for us. We had a very lengthy process for approval of purchases in the past. Spreadsheet based system that took days to get approval. We also got an email each month to go and retrieve our credit card receipts and get them to accounting. Procurify allows my engineering staff to see when their items have been approved, and when they have been purchased. It also alerts them when the parts are received. Accounting can look at the receiving paperwork and see the packing lists all in one area. The phone App helps tremendously when receiving goods. All in all we are happy with the decision to use Procurify in this critical time our company.
The good thing about this tool is that you can create multiple buckets in order to separate the charges for each markets, especially for company like us. It helping us track ordres from each market and check whether it's still within the budget Navigating your past orders is also super easy. You can check the history of the previously ordered item with their easy filter feature. Routing orders can easily be set up based on business needs, we don't need to email them separately to remind them to approve as all approvers can be reminded through this tool and they get notifcation on emails. The good thing about this is, it has an app. you can view and approve anything even when outside. People in the organization can also raise a question regarding the specific order by commenting on that order itself. This saves time in emailing and taking a screenshot of what are you referring to cause you with this functionility, you can easily click on VIEW LINKS to see which order was that comment is for
I wish that the bills were tied to the POs so that it would be easier to review incurred spend vs. outstanding PO value. At the moment you have to go into separate reports to find what you're looking for. I also wish that the ability to export data was not in the settings so that access could be provided to those who you don't want clicking around in approval settings (etc) but have permissions to see purchasing data.
Great application, save time, easy to learn and helped managed our customers expense and off-net charges. Also billing on spot/without missing due dates. Customers enjoys how you can compare charges that somehow comes up short. 
Procurify is a user-friendly, cloud-based system which allows a company unfamiliar with the procurement process to order inventory with ease. 
Set up for standard business models, Procurify is a little more difficult to work with on a different business platform. 
Nice approval flow within system literally creates internal control within teams and departments. Mobile app is nice too.
Pricing could have been more competitive, Little room for customisation even can make this tool more likeable.
Compared to other purchasing programs I have used, it is by far the simplest and most useful.
Very simple program for submitting and approving purchases. Help to keep track of which purchase has arrived.
Wish some frequent used information are saved in the program (eg. project account code). Difficult to search for old orders.
My overall experience with Procurify is AMAZING, I really like it compare to other similar systems.
I really like how i can communicate with my HST through this app and how quick and easy its to use after you know what to do.
The only thig i found a bit bad was that in the bigginig it seemed hard and very complicated to use but after you know what to do is very easy!
I been using Procurify for the 6 months now, it's been extremely easy to deploy and train staff. However there are areas of concerns that need to be addressed. Firstly being filters for searching for old Purchase Orders/Requests. If information is  entered in, there should be away we can lookup old records using any field.  Example : vendor, department, dates. 
Secondly exporting Purchase Orders in a particular format that we would like to print. Current format is good for    online use, but when printed takes up too many pages. 
It's intuitive and quick to learn. 
It's a bit expensive considering "Signing Privilege User" don't do much in the system compared to the "Requestor" but are billed at $60 more. 
