Free and works great!
I love that it's free, you can customize your meeting room URL (and have your own personal room), you have a dedicated phone number and pin for those who can't attend online, it works within your browser (which means it doesn't require any software downloads and installations), it'll send you text notifications if you're late for your own meeting, AND it records your calls!
I haven't had any issues with it yet, so I honestly don't have anything against it. All I've heard is that others (using a Windows machine) had issues getting their video to work, but I never had that happen to me.
This tool is easy to use for me and whomever I share the link with. And I adore the 'waiting room' song, cracks me up.
I love the clean sound of this app and being able to send the recording to whomever I was speaking to right to their email. They seem so impressed! It extends a professional touch of my business. 
Being able to schedule a call on the spot via mobile isn't easy to do. This has to be the only thing I don't like about this app. 
I really liked it.
In the short time we have used this product it was very efficient, with almost no lags, unlike other products we've tried, I like the transcription feature they use as well.
I dont like the fact that I had to download two apps to be able to use, if we could download only one would have been better
Good zoom and audio functionality that other softwares may lack
Necessary to buy hardware to be able to use the software as well
It's really helpful to have this type of software that's inexpensive, branded specifically to our organization, extremely easy to navigate, and accessible via multiple channels (phone, online, cell) to partner orgs, consultants, and board members with whom we often need to hold conference calls.
We're a small organization who often works remotely, so this software is a clear choice for us. We like to utilize it over all other conference tools because it's a well-designed UX, and we rarely experience interruptions. When we do, it's typically not the software itself but the internet connection. The updates with video also make screen-sharing easy.
Honestly, there's not much to say negative about UberConference. I will say that every once in a while we experience interruptions, but this is typically due to internet connections.
This is a great product. The calls are clear and the product is very user friendly.What I liked best about High Five was that it was incredibly easy to use and delivered very high quality experiences. My company has teams all around the world, and conferencing solutions are pretty difficult to work with. 
Improved is the authorization of device. Because they do not use password authentication each device used requires you to authenticate via an email link upon first use.The audio tends to continue to stream without issue, but the video can cut out. There is also no setting that allows you to lower the video quality manually to help improve performance.
Basically everything about it is perfect! Its cost, functionality, ease of use. Its totally worth every penny!
Cant even think of one! I had not a single complaint about this program
ease of use is the best feature of highfive
interface design is probably the least desirable 
it has been a complete joy using this product
it is easy to use and it is basically self explainatory
the customer service support could be better
not sure i tried several times to understand it
i thought that this was a hard sight to get around dint understand how to use it
needs more instructions the instructions on the site are too confusing
I have solved alot with HighFive.
It was amazing to use and easy to understand what to use with it and how to use it will use it again and refer it to family and friends.
There wasnt no cons with this program. I absolutely love highfive.
It has been a wonderful experience so far. Clear and clear image and sound
Great product that facilitates placing a meeting on the screen of the conference room without having to train staff


Its easy to use. great interface that i would use again.
Sometime the product is slow having to restart.
This thing really sets itself apart from other conference products by not taking itself too seriously. The hold music is the most obvious example: you can choose from innocuous muzzak, custom "I'm waiting for a call" country music, or even Rick Astley's Never Gonna Give You Up. For me this is a huge value: it really disarms participants and loosens the mood before a tense call starts.

The product itself is easy to use and barely needs training

The last feature I like is that UberConference assigns you a 10 digit phone number (with passcode) which is easy to link in an Outlook calendar item. That means that, to dial in from an iPhone, you can simple tap the location (1.800.555.1234;;12345) and you'll dial in nearly handsfree. Webex or Globalmeet don't lend themselves to this feature nearly as easily.

Also, the free version of this product is nearly as good as the paid version. The money's worth it if you plan on using this as your backbone conference product.
It can be difficult to convince collaborators to trust a product that's 'free'... but the merits of the product soon win them over.
This free conferencing tool allows for video and audio conferencing with easy to use, no-download needed browser functions. The sound quality is great and the dial-in number with just one PIN system is so easy! 
The limit for calls for free users is just 30 minutes, which is a little restrictive.
It's great, and for a lot of use cases, it's free.
Nothing really - it does what it promises. I have not spent a lot of time with the more advanced features, however. 
Works quickly and is efficient. Employees at all levels understand this technology well with little training involved or needed. 
easy to use, understand and good communication with tech support.
System will periodically freeze, have to be shut down and restarted.
Cloud-based 
Dependable 
trust-worthy
professional
I don't like hoq sloew it gets when loading.
We chose this as it integrates into our Google suite, and is at everyone's fingertips to create webinars or conference calls.  With that we don't have to worry about all of the bs included with other solutions or additional apps on the desktop to manage.
Love the hold song while waiting for conference to start.  Seriously.  The program itself is very simple for our staff to create a quick meeting with screen sharing or just a conference call.  Love that the client does not need an app to install to use.
I have to dive deep on this and I still can't find anything I like least.
Overall good as long as I can walk some of our virtual customers through the process of logging into the chat.
It works well and doesn't drop calls. The ability to know who is on the call is also nice, as well as the summaries afterwards.
Sometimes there can be a few too many clicks to join the call, especially if the person on the other end isn't as technology literate. It also doesn't work on Internet Explorer which has caused issues for us.
