Ease of running statistical analyses. Comfort of knowing my data was safe. Comfort of knowing my results were reliable.
This software is fast, reliable, and flexible. I used it for my Master's thesis and I actually wound up using it for my first HR job at a drug company. I built surveys for them for patient satisfaction and, eventually, employee satisfaction. Using this software I was able to keep our data safe, gather stats over time, and control for certain variables that might have affected our results had I used something more trivial like Excel. Definitely recommend this!
The only con I can think of is the price. It can get pricey, especially if you cannot purchase a student copy. My license has expired and I have not yet renewed simply because my thesis is finished and my current employer does not have a desire to see employee stats -- not for that price, anyway! Hopefully I will be able to convince the execs that this is a necessary tool. Perhaps a more extensive trial period (or maybe a discount for the first 3-6 months?) would be helpful. That would allow for plenty of time to gather data and run stats so that my executive team might be able to see the benefits.
It can predict what steps should be taken and what'd be the scenario in the future if current strategies are followed.
Technically It gave useful insight to a certain limit. 
All statistical tests are featured in it.
Tukey's test can not be applied when  groups for comparison are more than 4 or 5.
My overall experience with IBM SPSS is very positive, the tools makes my work a lot easier and helps me save time. 
It is a helpful tool when you conduct customer research and then need to examine your results. Many of my colleagues in the past preferred to work with Excel. However, after using SPSS, they saw this tool can save you a lot of time. 
The tool is not that easy to use in the beginning. For younger people, I do not think this is a problem because the internet is filled with tutorials on how to use SPSS. Less technical people could have difficulties using the tool and making use of all the functions. 
Easy way to use a statistical tool without focusing on coding. Simple interface, good first program to use for someone who only used Excel before.
I believe the program offers less options and is less flexibile than more advanced options, such as R or Stata, which are probably be preferred for any serious project. 
this is a comprehensive tool that can be integrated into the analytical environment of an organization to take analytics to the next level - i.e., predictive modelling and analysis. what if scenarios and data models can be run fairly easily. 
would love for graphical interfaces to be more flexible - at this time it is rigid from an interface standpoint and hence the user needs to be really well versed to navigate the tool
SPSS has been extremely valuable for running models and analyzing data that were used published manuscripts.
This software was a great program to use as an introduction to descriptive and inferential statistics. I started using this as an undergraduate in my introductory statistical classes for social sciences and found it very easy to use the drop-down menus to run analyses. As I got more advanced it was easier to use the syntax functions to run regressions, ANOVAs, and other statistical approaches.
I wish SPSS was capable of higher-level statistics like multi-level modeling or hierarchical linear modeling. I also wish it  was easier to learn the syntax functions beyond the point-and-click menu.
Easy setting up and use .
Presents information that is already analyzed very  well in charts.
Solves multiple problems from deriving mean, modulus and other statistical problems.
A strong base knowledge in statistics is a requirement also a license is required for operation.
starting using this software is just like holding your bouquet low while  walking in an aisle, even if it might seem unnatural at first, holding your bouquet lower will make your arms and torso look better. Just the same way, the first experience  interacting with the SPSS software might look unnatural, but with time, navigating through it to the descriptive statistics, cascading down  to correlation ,Pearson correlation ,will all look like playing  a day in day out toy game, easy to use, efficient with productive outcome.
SPPs Dashboard is what I would describe as a state of the art and a darling to the eyes of the user.it provides a user friendly interface especially when interacting with big tedious data. It provides s the comfort, the soothing and its keen to detail, therefore encouraging the user to continue doing the analysis under lots of pressure without compromising the quality of the results and the outcome.
its not merry or cherry, to a beginner, software too detailed and confusing providing a no not easy first time experience. The product should add a demonstration option for several tasks before initial beginner starts using the software
it is simple and good for my graduate program
I do not have any cons to report at this time. 
SPSS is most suited for most researchers, although for power size and other uses will require further purchases or use of other programs to account for the limitations that SPSS might have. It can handle heavy data and there should not be any limitations for multiple variables. It may not be suited for those looking for a more robust and programmable option. Also, for those on a budget, other sources like R-Statistics might be better suited.
SPSS has a very nice interface and keeps their interface consistent, even after 20 years of use.
Analyzing data is very quick and easy there is no programming required.
Some coding and saving codes for further analysis saves time.
For those requiring advanced procedures not on SPSS, programmable coding, like in R Statistics, may be more limited and not as robust and use of R or other programs might be needed.
Statistical Package for Social Sciences and can only be used to perform only statistical operations. Further purchases of other packages will be required.
Default graphics are far from publication quality. Generally, it’s better to use other programs for graphics.
Information about effect size and confidence intervals is missing for many techniques.
I am a researcher - not a programmer. While other statistical software may pack more punch, the programming makes it harder for me to use. SPSS can do everything I need it to, and is intuitive. And if you like to use your own syntax, you can do so as well. 
Super easy to use, great statistics functions
The output - would love it to be prettier/easier to use.
IBM SPSS is a software that I learned to use while I was in college and I never stopped using it. A powerful software for integral statistical analysis, it has been one of my intellectual supports when presenting reports to my bosses at work. I can homologate different formats of database software and include them in SPSS, to make analysis of variables, averages, percentiles, graphs, statistical probabilities and more functions that only this software gives me. 

Currently, I use it to generate variables of the activities I carry out in the communities with children and young people, adding quantitative elements that allow me to systematize the number of participants, age groups, sex, level of studies, frequency of activities and other variables that I annex in the general reports of my work performance. 

It is a software quite complicated to use, because it is not enough that you have theoretical knowledge in statistics, but you have to have a good use of the tools of the software and its functions to get the most out of it. Learning to use it took me a long time, however learning to use it is the best tool for statistical analysis.  
I have been using SPSS since undergraduate and continue to use it in graduate school and my professional work. I use it to run statistics for coursework and to write publications. It is reliable and straightforward. 
The drop down menus make it really easy to run simple commands like t-tests, chi-squared, regressions, and descriptive statistics.
The syntax is challenging to learn if you are not familiar with coding, but makes it much easier to run large amounts of analyses.
very good experience
Quick and easy to learn	
Can handle large amounts of data	
Great user interface	
By far the most expensive
Limited functionality
Very similar to Excel
The most easy to use and powerful tool for standard data analysis.
I like how it give me easy access to many complex analysis by just clicking in a few set of buttons. It is also good how I can personalize analysis and adapt it to many special cases
The software takes a bit long to be updated and not always include new tools I am interested in. But for anyone who doesn't need really up-to-date methods it is the most powerful tool
It helps me to process critical data in simple steps. Using this software I can easily understand the insights of the data. SPSS very easy to use for anyone. User doesn't want memories any code only they want to choose the correct button at the right time. I highly recommended this software.
In SPSS can easily deal with data using different techniques such as data transform, data analysis(Regression anlysis, ANOVA, MANOVA, t-tests, ... ) Not only that SPSS can easily handle a large set of variable data formats.In additionally, the output can be obtained through graphical representations therefore a user can easily understand the results and get the better picture of the problem.
This software much more expensive compare to the others. However, this is not waste of money. It is an investment for the future. User can give access to the change the colors of the graphs as sometimes they want their own colors.
With SPSS it is feasible to gather information, make insights, dissect the executives choices and substantially more. Offers the chance of doing complex investigation and take on expectation models. The limit of tackling issues of applied measurements by beast power or by attempting a great many mixes to at last remain with what is accepted to be awesome for use.
Very easy to use. High level functionality and easy to perform mechanisms. Fine way of operations. Can run anything from basic descriptive statistics to high level simulations. Easy to import data in different formats (csv, xls, sav, etc.). Data cleaning process are easily executed which includes missing value imputation, data recoding, and data restructuring. Very functional in running multivariate methods like exploratory factor analysis, ANOVA, linear regression, logistic regression, discriminant analysis, and MANCOVA. Most operations are done through interactive dashboard, which is hassle free. Overall it is a great statistical package.
It is monotonous to do numerous emphases utilizing SPSS. Punctuation usefulness is low and lines of codes become thorough. The most difficult angle is to run reenactments with huge informational indexes. SPSS requires additional items for running the reproductions which cost extra to the client but it simplifies one's work.It doesn't give the normal outcomes in the normal time. It now and then prompts pointless refinement by permitting the utilization of mind boggling strategies to address straightforward inquiries.
Endless set of tool to process and analyze data, perfect graphics and tables, great compatibility with other software like Excel, very powerful, you can manage enormous quanitities of information without any limitation.
Any cons, this software is the best, it includes everything you need for analyze statistical information, since version one it had always been the best.
I am largely indifferent to SPSS. In my mind, it is a tool of an older generation. A lot of the later-career professors in my university chose SPSS but none of the early-career did. I think there are so many tools out there that are better (e.g., Stata, R, Python). The only reason I would choose SPSS is as a start for someone who didn't know statistics but wanted to run something fast. The menus are great for that. 
I like that there are a lot of point and click menus. For people who don't know programming but want to run some data analyses, this is a great place to start. 
The syntax for reproducible code is absolutely terrible. SPSS does have an option to export the code that you just ran but you would never write that code yourself because it is just easier to go through the menus. That also means that I would never use SPSS in any kind of business process or integrate it with anything else 
Regardless of its difference with other statistical software, if you are a social scientist like I do, I strongly recommend IBM SPSS Statistics. It can be used to model complex data and generate outputs into reports directly, without the fuzz of learning programming language.
What I like the most about IBM SPSS is its friendly interface, where users like me who are not that familiar with advanced statistical techniques can easily deploy their computation without the hassle. 
For users who are really into statistics, you might want to use other software (e.g., STATA, R) if you wish to deploy normal analysis procedures, such as estimating econometric models among others.
