It's simply amazing and the cost is perfect for my business.
When I write in French (Montréal, Canada), I can't put accents (éùà, etc.)! I look like someone who doesn't know who to write. At the moment, I'm trying to use words that don't have accents but it's becoming a big challenge! If another company would offer the same product as you but with a better French support version, I would switch. I love your product, but I have to think about my clients first.
I like the platform. Will continue to use it. 
Easy to upload phone numbers. Easy to enter copy for messages. Very straightforward platform. 
Wish the Report had more.  Time in which the text was viewed.  When clicking on the reporting option. The data would just expand instead of bringing to a different page/tab 
Quick messages to potential clients and existing clients
Ease of use, convenience and efficiency and Templates that help with set up. 
Cant decipher between land line and cell phone
The software does what you need it to. It is a little tedious to set up, but after that you are good to go.
They contact you a lot after you create an account and have to go in and turn all of the emails off.
I occasionally have a schedule change and its important for me to get the word out fast and this platform is easy and affordable.
Its easy to use, I don't have to commit to a long period of time to use it.  I can let my entire patient base know if there is ever a schedule change.  
I feel its a fair price since we are not committing for long. I don't have much to say about it.
Before I signed up with EZ Texting I was struggling to keep up calling my customers to remind them about their Payment due dates. And many times they wouldn't answer or wouldn't have a voicemail set up. When I started asking my customers their preferred method of contact most answered they preferred text messages. So EZ Texting save me time and helps me keep in touch with my customers without missing a date. 
I cannot filter the Recurring texts. I would be easier for me to have the option to filter texts already programmed to avoid duplicates. 
I think things have worked out really well.  Still learning.  But I think the system is set up pretty good.
We use this software as a daily safety text.   We are a non profit that cleans trash out of the river.  Are job is very dangerous always being on water in boats and on barges.   Safety is our number one focus.  The texts help a lot as a daily reminder 
So far I haven’t run into many problems?
Great experience 
Easy to use, great customer service and inexpensive 
Nothing at all, I am very happy with EZ Text and service 
It has been fun! I send out texts for running ideas past the residents and they are able to easily reply
I like that it makes sending information to the tenants easy because of the ability to separate each building
So far I have yet to encounter one other than my forgetting to delete tenants after they move out
This program is  a great tool for when reaching out to clients. It is very hard to get a response from emails and being able to text clients, sending out reminders and information quick is exactly what we want and are happy with! Its easy to use also which is a big plus!
We have been using the system for 6 months and have no issues. The systems has been working great.  
Awful.  Simpletext or Slicktext are much better offerings. 
There's not much to like. The alternatives are much better.  Do your homework before handing over money to EZ.
 It's so poorly designed and the user experience is awful.  Contact management is awful. The menu system is unintuitive. Hell, the whole interface is a joke. Also the whole credit system is confusing.
My organization needed a streamlined way to access our clients efficiently, and EZ Texting does just that. What would have taken hours with other companies takes only a matter of minutes
I have no complaints, everything has been running just as desired. 
I love the ease of use of the interface, importing mass contacts, and the ability to export bounced messages.
I wish the platform made it a little more intuitive to add a new solo contact with additional information while composing a message. For example, when I type a new phone number, I'd like it to prompt me for the person's name and other information right from within the compose window.
Great
Easy to use log in to account very easy and fast

More options to buy text messages per month 
It's help to solve my many business problems, I love it
Its very good and very awesome products I personally like it
Best software it hope fully understand that mind so it's bright future of upcoming generation 
Not like... What do i Love about this software? Everything! First 500 customers, Free. Customer support is ready to answer questions. So easy to use. You dont have to give your customers your personal number. So many options to choose from.  I recommend trying Eztexting first. You wont regret it.
There is nothing that i can think of that i like least about this software. Maybe if the software was no longer available.
- Ease of use
- Reply function
- Easy to add and organize new subscribers
- Difficult to add graphics/videos
- Sending number can be easy to ignore
It's a waste of money and time. Customer service take forever to answer and won't work with their client. They are soooooo good at gaining your business but don't maintain good communication. 
You can't pick your own # for people to text. It's generated for you.
Super easy to use and my staff loves it.  It has been a great way for us to get the word out quickly
I would like an app so I can use it with my smartphone and not have to get on a computer, other than that we don't have any other issues.
I like the service it is a real time saver. I wish that it can have unlimited credit plan. 
That I can send Text to all my clients with one click.
I want to be able to export my contacts 
