This allows me to have a living, breathing knowledge base that's easy to maintain.
I like how easy it is to create knowledge base articles.
Currently there isn't a way to copy/migrate articles from one page to another easily.
En general la experiencia ha sido positiva, tiene muchas posibilidades y es sencillo y fácil de usar y entender por todo el equipo, facilita la comunicación interna y externa
La capacidad de recoger datos en cualquier campo, tanto datos de los clientes como datos internos -productividad, registro de trabajo...-, y la facilidad para sacar analíticas con la información para poder actuar desde allí
Hay apartados que no son del todo funcionales -el sistema de tickets en la parte de cómo el cliente envía y recibe respuestas, algún buscador que podría estar más afinado...-
Our team loves using Hubspot because there are so many unique features and reports that make our lives so much easier!

Hubspot is very responsive and provides excellent customer service! Whenever there is a bug or issue it is addressed immediately. Our company loves using hubspot for many reasons but mostly how user friendly it is and easy to navigate!
It would be helpful to have a form to fill out when we have suggestions/requests for feature updates/improvements!

I like live chat.

Live Chat is a cool feature that has made communication effective and instant.
All the features are very useful in Hubspot Service Hub.
Speaking specifically on the knowledge base, it was easy to transfer our materials from the previous system that we used. It was also easy to organize and create additional articles using the platform. 
Getting the knowledge base articles in front of our customers has been a challenge, but as we continue sharing I anticipate higher volume to the web pages.  Visitors to the site can search based on keywords which is helpful.
The way the knowledge base is laid out and way displayed to visitors is limited in its customization.  I do not particularly care for the design. You can only upload a logo and customize some of the colors. 
It's easy to use and intuitive, much like the other Hubspot software modules. It's clean, simple, and the new beta templates are great. I love the drag and drop features as well as the categorical organization. 
The simplicity has some cons - the editing tools aren't as robust as other Hubspot software, but there are new features being added like anchor capabilities and callouts, so that's been helpful! 
I hope it continues to expand in its capabilities to be as robust as other knowledge base tools on the market!
Overall it was great and I think it does exactly what it is supposed to do in helping 
It was very well put together and I liked the fact that it had different sections and parts of what you needed 
I didn’t like that it didn’t have any pictures to narrate the information that they was given out .i didn’t like the small box 
The HubSpot knowledgebase was really quite easy to set up from scratch. Having not set one up before the online prompts helped me get this up and running quite quickly. Clean lines and not over complicated to manage.
It doesn't allow a visitor to leave feedback if they found an article unhelpful.
It would be great if it had a up-vote tool attached.

We're a pretty small company and it is easy to get overwhelmed by the demands of starting and growing a business from scratch. It is nice to have Service Hub as an 'add-on' for the CRM, Marketing automation and other features HubSpot offers as part of its full suite of tools. It has made it very easy for us to quickly add a "support portal" to our website, and it has helped our customers get answers to their most-asked questions more quickly than they could by just emailing our support team.
Using the HubSpot Service Hub is very easy. It is not a complex product or full-blown content management tool like other well-known support tools. It is a nice add-on for HubSpot that helps fill out the portfolio of other features available via their offering. It allows users to quickly build and structure a simple knowledge base, and the contextual search feature is very helpful.
While it is extremely easy to use, it is also a fairly basic set of tools. It is not as robust as some other customer support applications like Freshdesk, Zendesk, or SalesForce. The only concern we have is that we may need to transition to one of these other services if we find we need more control over the UX/UI of our support portal or need to expand support across many other channels. HubSpot continues to add new site templates and that's a good thing, but the Service Hub is still a pretty basic documentation portal.
It's extremely user-friendly, I have had no issues with the service hub.
I've been noticing some great, exciting changes especially since I started using the knowledge base,
The customizable knowledge-base templates are amazing, and so is the article editor!
Managing a knowledge base couldn't be any easier than it is now.
In terms of Cons, nothing really comes to mind. 
Overall the service hub has been a fantastic tool. We have been able to capture and manage customer expectations immediately and effectively thanks to the Surveys specifically.  We now capture results in real time direct;y after a customer has finished our sales cycle and their customer journey. The tool has allowed us to get quick responses, see where we excel and shine within our industry as well as where we can improve all from the voice of our customers. Love working with this tool
Hubspot has allowed us to save time and reach our customers on a whole new level. Once we implemented Hubspot the possibilities truly became endless. From a sales perspective we have learnt valuable ways to reach our customers through the sales blog, templates and snippet suggestions etc. In addition we have been able to market to our clients using platforms we didn't even know were possible. Created personalized landing pages, calendar links to schedule meetings and calls  saving time going back and forth. Not to mention automation and work flows- a time saver!!! Cant rave enough about using Hubspot and cant wait to see waht they come out with next!!!
Honestly, I think thing we like least about the software is that you cant use the social features to post videos to Instagram from the social hub. Other than that there isn't anything we dont like! 
We have limited use for the service hub. It doesn't integrate easily into our workflow - we're just 2 entrepreneurs and there are many blocks during the day when we can't drop everything to respond to a chat. The software would work better for a dedicated service desk employee or team. However, we are happy to have the chat bot available on our website and Facebook messenger connected. 
We added the chatbot into our website easily. We were up and running in minutes.
There's a couple minor things, but they add up. First, the Facebook Messenger integration broke, and every time I hit the "reconnect" button there would be an error. This problem seems to have fixed itself somehow and is now working again. Second, we are 2 entrepreneurs on the go and the chat bot has limited flexibility. For example we cannot reassign the chat to each other, nor can we use a round robin meeting for the "meet with me" feature.
They provides us informations about our relevant content, products and services. 
Service hub brings all the customer service data and channels together in one platform to grow the customer base. 
Most customer services replies are overwhelmed to meet the growing demands causing their tools and data across multiple sources
Overall: a solid 8.2/10. 
It's versatile for all manners of business. 
I initially found it hard to navigate the platform but I had team members that were able to set me up in less than a week. 
Our customers love being able to use the chat and have a knowledge base where they can search for how to resolve taks.
Being able to use the live chat is absolutely amazing. Makes it quick for our customers to get in touch with us and help them with any need they have.
Nothing at this time. Works great and as intended.
We are able to track interactions with customers better and dig deeper into them and target them all more specifically as well as better communication through out the team. 
I love how it keeps contacts so organized. their deals and communications etc. I also love that we can sort the tickets by pipelines and set up automatic responses. 
I feel like we could use more training, I wish the lady that we talk to for help weekly was more freely available. I wish it was a little more self explanatory. 
It allows us to have everything in one place, previously we used multiple systems and now we only use Hubspot.
I am able to see what other areas are working on and how leads are progressing so I can understand our customers before they become customers. We now only use HubSpot for marketing, sales and support whereas before we had multiple different systems.
It is a bit confusing regarding the different levels for customer, company and deal in getting people to log thing in the correct place.
