Loopup works seamlessly in our international business by providing foreign call in numbers. It even allows our partners in China to connect without issue. We can all be on the same call and share our screens.
The only thing missing is a phone number specifically in Qatar.
Easy organizing of conference calls and associated screen sharing.
I like the ability to share screens easily and seamless way of bringing in participants from multiple geographies.
Need to make sure that you login or join as the meeting organizer, otherwise the meeting will not be propted to start.
The software is pretty easy to use      
The quality of the product could be improved 
It's the overall time savings for me, I just put in my contacts, click time and date, and I am done!
I like the fact that I can put a meeting together in under a minute, I use LoopUp all the time for all my scheduled meeting.
The system use to auto fill my most used meeting call back phone number, with the most recent upgrade I now have to choose the phone number I wish to use.
The service is not guaranteed - when it works, it is simple and nice; but sometimes, with some users or in some regions, it simply doesnt function. I would always test it before sharing it with new users. 
It is really very easy to use; I also like that LoopUp will call you on the phone (better voice quality etc.)
In some regions and some situations, LoopUp doesn't work 
Easy to connect to colleagues via dial in around the world, extra features like desktop sharing invaluable for the working from home and sharing ideas with colleagues.
Setting up a meeting couldn't be easier via the outlook attachment which inserts all of the details into the email in one simple click. Good for larger groups as well as more intimate one to ones, ease of use means that everyone can be included.
On a separate note I had a problem in March with being logged out repeated when hosting meetings, [SENSITIVE CONTENT HIDDEN] was nothing short of amazing in the level of service she provided in dealing with my issue, this was the first time I had cause to contact support and she exceeded my expectations here.
Video call functionality would be a useful update, as well as increased server bandwidth, when our company switched to working from home as the norm usage almost quadrupled in places putting a significant strain on the network it would seem resulting in some less than ideal connections.
To be fair over the past few weeks this does appear to be slowly getting better.
The software is efficient, reliable and easy to use.
I cannot think of any cons with the software ! 
In general we have used the system for many years and it has worked well for us. Set up and management is easy. 
We like the recording feature so we want use for editorial interviews and play back the interview for writing purposes. 
I think it is a bit overpriced compared to other options in today's technology advanced world. I also dislike that as an admin I can not download recordings from the portal for other account users.
I've had great experience with LoopUp, especially during the pandemic. It has been a useful tool and allowed us to work remotely, but stay connected and communicate seamlessly.
I like that you're able to see who's speaking. The host can mute any participant. The ease of being able to share a screen with participants. There is also a call log that is sent to the host at the end of every call.
I wish there was a way to have multiple meeting rooms, just in case two different conference calls need to be scheduled at the same time.
Ease of connecting (single link click and all sorted), audio quality, outlook plugin integration.
Nothing really, the software works flawlessly.
A++++ Summa Cum Laude fantastic - could not be happier or more pleased, and a substantial upgrade over our previous software. 
Very easy to use - never drops the calls, and clear voice quality for all participants. 
There is nothing I dislike about this software. 
Ease of use mainly - good quality calls as well which is nice especially when communicating across the world.
The LinkedIn link up randomly doesn't work and your profile disappears
Product works reliably and has clear audio.
Operator is way too loud relative to normal speech on the call. Beeps for joining calls are also way too loud and obstructive to the call.
Great. Our account manager is always available to help with any questions or issues users have.
Call me feature. No need to look for codes and dial-in numbers.
Function for remote control would be a nice-to-have. Other than that, everything is great.
Easiness of connection, very intuitive and rapid especially for local calls
Not possible connect directly from laptop
I like that I can have multiple calls
I like the ease of finding numbers for other countries
So far there isn't anything I don't like
overall, Loop-Up is a great system although I'm not sure why they have a host & guest PIN number as guests can speak to each other anyway so it seems a bit superfluous but hey-ho.
The ease of use, and the fact that you can turn off the music while you wait for others to join the call
I only really use the dial in facilities and that is perfect for me
I use it daily to speak with multiple colleagues or clients at once. Would recommend as an easy to use and reliable conference call system. 
I work remotely and my colleagues and clients are in countries all over the world. I like that I can set up a loop up conference line in minutes to connect with anyone in the world. The call quality is always high. It is also helpful that the project code can be assigned in the portal so that finance can allocate charges appropriately without my additional input. 
The new web layout is less easy to use than the previous design. The scroll down list of countries isnt programmed that well (ie cant type in United Kingdom, have to scroll all the way to bottom)
very positive
overall easy to use and, importantly, to share with other participants
overall I am positive. I don't have major drawbacks to point out
Beneficial 
Ease of use especially that users go not need a subscription in order to use
Doesn’t support video, which is helpful during CoVID
