I tried this at my old firm and thought it was okay, I think people have mixed experience some are great some aren't so it all depends on yours, kind of like rolling the dice.
I have mixed feelings its a great creative tool but if you have issues with the app its hard to fix as customer service takes a while.
I love that I can control who can see my documentation, so I can securely provide documentation to clients without worrying about the wrong eyes seeing it, and I can write internal documentation that my clients will be unable to access
We've had some issues with adding images to our documentation, they show up for a while but then spontaneously disappear and we have to add them back in. That has been the biggest pain point. 
As a support specialist, I believe Zendesk is an amazing and vital tool for our company. I enjoyed how easy it was to learn how to use it, and the simplistic UI. More importantly I love the quick predefined responses, its ability to bring up customer messages from multiple channels; our app, social media, our website and email.

Though there’s a spell checker on-board, It lacks support for some languages  i.e Swahili.
Zendesk allows a smaller company to handle high volumes of support requests in a professional manner and without letting requests fall through the cracks.
Zendesk is extremely reliable. We have used it for about 3 years, and aside from a couple instances where an email might have been lost in transit (which could have been on our mail server side), we have had very few issues.
It's easy for agents to use. Macros help make their jobs much easier too.
Automated triggers help a small team handle a lot of similar requests. For example, we have password reset prompts which require certain questions be answered, and we can automatically trigger that response through Zendesk rather than people having to manually send it.
Initial configuration can take some work if you are trying to utilize advanced rules.
It's a little pricey.
Overall Zendesk is great addition to any business looking for a help desk solution. 
The ticked system is user-friendly and simple to use. Each ticket can be easily created, prioritized and processed.

Zendesk control panel is full of features like switching on/off different modules, setting up categories for the tickets and even template support. In addition you can change the colour of the tickets , which makes it easier to sort them out.

I think the best side is that Zendesk it multi-channel software It can be integrated with any platform: WEB , mobile , email , phone and even SMS.
The initial set-up and integration can be quite challenging, however other than that I see no downsides.
It is a fantastic solution that meets all the requirements of our corporation. We provide telecommunications services and Zendesk helps us to identify problems and deal with them directly with our end customer.

The solution is full of features and features, but the ease of staggering tickers is something that impresses me.
Be able to organize and forward each problem to each team besides the possibility to organize and verify the progress of the tickers.
Automating the answer to customers is a great pro.
It's an open API CRM.
Particularly in the short time I use Zendesk, I still can not find any against it.
Tracking support correspondence with zendesk lets us speed up issue resolution times because issues can be easily shared amongst a team, maintaining the full correspondence history and aren't delayed in someone's email inbox.

I sometimes get confused about which list I'm viewing though and pricing goes up significantly once you move past a small team.

We also use the integration with slack and twilio for notification of urgent issues.
Customer can interact via emails
interface a bit confusing
I have had a great daily experience. There is rarely any software issues, and all fields populate very quickly. I highly recommend for high call or email volume.
I enjoy how easy the software is. When dealing with many emails and call tickets, it is great to be able to navigate easily while multitasking. You only see what you need to see or use, and there is a clear cut layout that is visually appealing.
Rare, but the names do not populate correctly and at times things an email is a name.
The support experience was the worst we ever experience and that coming  from a company that gives you the tools to deliver support to customers. We're paying 500$ a year and have no way to export the customer data of all the tickets we had over the last 3+ years. Not only should this be made easily available to us as a paying customer due to the Data Protection regulation but it should be a given.
The ticketing system is ok but not worth the money!
- They do not allow you to export customer data which is borderline NON-GDPR compliant!
- Reluctantly go the extra-mile.
- The worst customer support experience ever.
- Cannot export our customer data.
I love this software it fast and great also amazing and no software can challenge 
I dont have any cons about this software 
I really like the fact that Zendesk is very use to use
There was nothing I didn't like about Zendesk
Everything is in one place.  With newer agents that are not used to working from home or with multiple applications, Zendesk keeps everything nice, neat, and together.
I really like that everything is within Zendesk.  Especially when a campaign is working with a number of applications, it is nice for agents to be able to access all of those in one place through Zendesk.
Sometimes when using Zendesk you will be signed out, as well as being signed out of the individual applications.  This can be time consuming and cause issues with user interfaces.
I was able to organize everything. It changed my entire work day and made my users happier as well!
Zendesk helps you organize and prioritize all tasks in your helpdesk world.  Even the lowest subscription is totally helpful.
The only thing I did not like about this software is when I contacted them for help and I explained what needed they would not just make it happen. They pointed me to WIKI articles.
My company was having issues with tracking and measuring certain activities, and Zendesk solved a large part of this. Multiple teams have anccess to the tool, which helps to update everyone without having to actually get in contact or wait for an e-mail.
It helps tracks activities, review task statuses and keep all involved afloat of how things are progressing
The app sometimes does not work, which makes it difficult for sales people to updated tickets when they're visiting customer and not able to access a computer.
Great switching between Zoho
Zen desk works GREAT with citrix reciever. We able to get the software everywhere it needs to be very simple and easy due to its seemless intergration with Citrix. Ticket tracking features are so useful and allow for efficient problem solving. 
The software is way better than all our other ticketing systems. 
I like how customizable Zendesk is. We can have different categories available to track emails with that can be unique to the inbox the email was sent to. There's also great metrics available on volume and response time so we can track our team's efficiency. 
The custom reporting feature is not very user friendly. It's by no means unusable, but it's not as nice as the rest of Zendesk.
Overall, the experience and usage is exemplary. The only thing I don't like is that the original analytics and reporting is being retired
there's a lot of great things to say about the app. easy to use, easy to manage, macros make life easier and so on
the fact that the reporting is being removed from insight (being retired) and being migrated to explore it not favorable to me
Excellent software for real-time customer support and more with rich analytics feature which one can start free.
For a beginner, their free chat plugin works well with any Wordpress site. This should be an entry point for any business aspiring to deliver omni-channel (email, chat, phone, social media and messaging) customer support going forward with Professional edition (priced 89 USD) / Enterprise edition (priced 149 USD). 
One needs to go for Enterprise edition (149 USD) in order to remove chat widget and Professional Edition (89 USD) like free version will still have their brand included in the chat widget.
In all, Zendesk is a great platform to service customers, both internal and external. While I have gripes like the above mentioned missing forwarding, I like that the controls are abundant enough to allow for workarounds to be put in place. This level of control has also lead to some really creative efficiencies produced by my team
Zendesk is easy to configure, has a good amount of options, and was very easy to migrate to for my team. I particularly like the level of granularity you can get from the GoodData reporting, and the level of control you can have over your ticket flows through Automations, Triggers, and Macros
Unfortunately, you can find some basic functionality is missing, such as forwarding a ticket to a third-party from within Zendesk. I have had to set up a seperate form with triggers and email channels in order to achieve a bit of a hacky version of forwarding, but it really isn't ideal. Also, the reporting is switching to a paid in-house model (moving away from GoodData) which feels a bit like having to pay for a feature I have always had access to. Time will tell on that one though
Zendesk is almost too big that they do not seem to care about acquiring new users. On several occasions, when trying to get a demo, the company was very blase and not responsive. 
Zendesk is a solid offering for large single teams under a single brand name. It has a lot of customizations, macros, reporting, and a plethora of neat help forum features on top of it.
I found that for my needs of managing multiple brands, Zendesk was not a solution since there was difficulty in being able to customize tickets to respond to them via email. This became a limiting factor and caused me to work with a competitor. 
